Oops I made a bad album: Britney should realize she is a pop singer, not an R&B diva and her producers should find more Britney-appropriate material for her.
There are maybe two OK songs on this album.
After a while, her nasal, childlike vocals irk me to the point of throwing something.
Act like a hooch and sing like an angel with a cold...
I just don't get it!

just bad: I heard the album at my friends house.
As a rolling stones fan, I was disgusted by the way she butchered "Satisfaction.
"
I am a 15 year old girl and I am extremely insulted by the idea that people think that girls only like teen pop.
It is meaningless.
Listen to Bob Dylan or Jimi Hendrix instead.

HORRIBLE!
HORRIBLE!
HORRIBLE!
:
This is horrible singign, the songs are tolerable, but her voice is so horrible, even with the computerized "melodrama".
If you like Birntey and anticipate a thirfd album too, to be even better.
Well, third, seconds, or even first time isn't and won't be the harme for someone with such a horrilbe voice!

YES, AGAIN ...
: She did it again .. released an inocuous and empty "pop" album and made huge money, in the better style of SPICE GIRLS, BACKSTREET BOYS and other market genius around the world ..
It's sad people fall for it.

WHO ARE THE SUCKERS BUYING
THIS CD...
I
JUST WANNA
KNOW:
WHO ARE THE SUCKERS BUYING
THIS CD...
I JUST WANNA
KNOW.WHAT KIND OF JUNK IS THIS.
A LUCKY MALL RAT WHO BORDERS ON AVERAGE LOOKS, EVEN WITH LAYERS AND LAYERS OF MAKE UP.
AND THAT OH SO PLASTISIZED SMILE.
SHE REMINDS ME OF A CONTESTANT IN A JUNIOR MISS BEAUTY CONTEST.
IN A FEW YEARS
WHEN SHE GETS
HER FIRST WRINKLE, SHE'LL BE HISTORY,
BECAUSE SHE HAS NO VOICE, AND HER SCHOOL GIRL LOOKS
WILL BE GONE.
SHE BETTER SAVE UP HER MONEY
NOW, CUZ SHE WON'T
LAST LONG
IN THIS BUSINESS.

cheese for the hungry:
I saw this cd previwed on tv, and it made me wonder how this girl has found such fame.
Her voice is trite and material repetitive.
I expect to find hundreds of her cd'ds in the bargain bin a yr from today!
OOPs is a real sorry statement.
Miss Spears is the latest "Barbie" of rock, pop.

Britney Spears Does It Again . . .
: I have absolutely no respect for Britney as an artist.
I've never met her, so
I cannot say I hate her.
But she, along with N Sync, BSB, 98*, Mandy Moore, Jessica Simpson, whomever, they need to start writing some of their own songs, playing their own instruments, and cut it out with the cheesy dancing.
It's really a shame how so many of you are so blind to real music, and letting these artists with only singing talent (not much at that, either) reign at the top of the charts.
Tsk tsk.

1 star is giving her too much credit!: I got this CD for my birthday from my aunt, even though I don't even like Britney.
I tried out this CD on my stereo and was blown away by how awful it was!
Britney puts great effort into singing at her very best, but unfortunatley does not succeed.
In almost all of her songs she sounds like she is trying to sound like a prissy rocker chick, almost as bad as she was at The Superbowl!
The only song I liked was
"What you see, Is what you Get.
"
All of the other songs are unbelievably lame and the vocals are awful.
I know Britney can do way better than that.
Since I heard that CD, I have pretty much given up on Britney.

She sure did do it again didn't she?
:
Britney Spears really shows off her vocal talent in her new CD
"Ooops..
I Did It Again.
"
She has matured so positiviely.
From the little girl she was when she recorded "Baby One More Time" to the woman she has become is extraordinary.
All the songs on this amazingly put-together album is excellent.
I was especially impressed with "Satisfaction," "Lucky," and "Diary."
"Diary" really shows off her voice due to the orchestrated background and the fact that she is the only one singing.
"
Diary" is one of the prettiest songs on there and one of my personal favorites.
I highly recommend the purchase of this CD, it is excellent for any Britney Spears fan, or andy pop fan in general.

She's Done It Again!
:
Yes, Britney has definitely done it again...and then some!
This album reflects a more refined sound, without losing the excellent pop selling force of the first one.
Less ballads, and more fun dance music, with a little more 'sassiness' and fun extras!
Let's face it...
Britney, at 19 years old, is a positive, hard working role model for teens in the world...
she reached for her dreams and got the stars!
The CD is great, I can't wait for her concert in Sacramento (I managed to get 5th row seats! )
and one more thing,
Brit...
You Go Girl !

Heart should be a Video: How do you qualify this CD??
PERFECT.
It has everything a person wants to hear.
Good Lyrics, Great Beats, Dance Breaks, Bye Bye's, Love, and stuff like that.
You want a Good lyric and love song at the same time, you've got Heart.
That is so far the greatest song i have ever heard in my entire life.
Britney has won my vote for life.
Its has such a beautiful melody and the way she sings it and the lyrics make any big bad boy or girl weep and want his/her mommy like crazy.
Great beat, dance break,
bye bye, and you've got Stronger.
The Video rules and
she looks awesome.
The other songs are cool and fun to listen to like
Don't Go Knockin On My Door and lucky
and i love One Kiss from you.
This album is worth paying the ... dollars it costs.
It's worth it!!!!!!!!
BRITNEY SPEARS RULES AND HEART IS THE GREATEST SONG
EVER AND IT
SHOULD BE
A VIDEO!!!!!A HEARTBREAKING-CHART TOPING SINGLE AND VIDEO!!!!!!

Britney is "Stronger" than ever!: "Oops!...
I Did It
Again" is an album filled with energetic and smooth music that will get your body movin' or a little teary eyed (like me for instance; don't make fun of me!), but I have to tell you that the catchy tunes make this album a definite no. 1 winner.
One more thing I have to get off my chest before I finish typing this: When God had the idea of creating the most beautiful and talented woman on the face of the Earth, he made Britney Spears.
That's it; I'm out!

Worth the Buy
: When first bought this CD, I was a bit skeptical, since I thought the first single
(OOPS I Did it again), was ok but not great.
After I got past the first song, I was surprised to hear some pretty inspriational girl power songs such as stronger.
Brittney can belt out the tunes even better than on Baby One more Time, and also manages to deliver some pretty cool songs about likeing who you are and not changing yourself for anyone.
Despite a couple of slow love songs (which I usually hate, but can manage to listen to because MISS.
Spears sings them w/ such style.)
I really enjoyed listening to this and will certainly put it in my CD player "One More Time".

Need a new synthisizer!
: Britney's singing voice is really terrific, but again her album sounds very much like a broken record, all the same background music.
Take it from groups like the Eagles, Fleetwood Mack, Belinda Carlyle, etc, mix up the sounds and every song will not sound identical.
After the third song, I was so sick of that stuipid repetitive background beat, I turned the CD off and gave it to the 13 year old girl next door.
You said on your Disney interview that you wanted to move into more adult sounds, this is definately not the way to do it!
Sorry.

Oops...
She Did It Again!
:
All Britney Spears is a young girl with no musical talent and doesn't even write her own music.
Then why does her music sell?
Because she has a great body and some clever businessman used her to make bubblegum pop sell.
Her songs get to your head and annoy you and her voice isn't good for a singer.
It's the voice of an average girl, but it's enhanced by computers to sound great.
Britney's first CD was mediocre, but her CD's keep getting worse from there.
I can't believe the top music these days is by bubblegum pop like Spears or N'Sync.

oops she did it again and again and again: When I first heard "Opps
I did it again
I thought it was somebody impersonating Britney and singing "baby one more time".
All her songs sound the same, she sings over the same drum beat the backing instruments hardly change.
Her first song"baby one more time" was OK but everything else is like a remix of the same song.
How can people buy this
it's exactly the same as everything else she does.

sdfsd: "I read where she's hoping to hear the pitter-patter of little feet
and now she's getting her wish.
BUT that sound is really the sound of fans leaving the sinking ship in droves.
Finally people are waking up to Britney's complete lack of talent.
"

Who are you kidding?
: When I first bought "baby one more time
" I wasnt really impressed.
The only good songs on there are, "baby
One More Time
" "Crazy" and "Sometimes".
The ones she picks out for singles.
Thats how these people get you to buy these Cds!They pick out the 3 or 4 good songs, turn them into singles, and keep the other junk on the CD.I wasnt really happy with it, but when "oops I did It Again" came out
i thought Id give it another try.
Same old thing.

Great:
Britney Fans out their listen, I can't get this cd out of my cd player and I love the last song.
But from beginging to end the whole cd is out of this world
and I just and glad that she got to write on this cd.
For the Britney hater you have to like her sooner or later.
I just what all of you hater to just listen to it before juging it.
If you can't do that why did you buy it in the first place.
If you don't like it don't listen to it or buy
it is that not easy to do.
Please let the people who like the cd write about it
and I know that sounded mean but think about it.
Think about what you say before putting it in writing.
She is a rare artis who can change the world of pop music
and I hope she keeps up the good work.
Britney you are great and hope you keep doing you thing because you will be up there with Janet and all these other pop queens.

Oops!
She did it again!
and this time better than the last: This cd is the best, I'll admit, she isnt the best singer in pop this
days(comparing to christina)
but, i dont really pay attention to that.
I pay attention to the songs, and all of them are great.
You wont be dissapointed with any song, and if you dont like it at first, youll learn to love it.
Britney to me, is still the best!
And damn is she sexy!
well, maybe that wont help people decide if they want to buy it...
yeah right!

Terrible Trash: Please, find some real music.
Even if you're fan of dance music, venture out to discover those with talent, like the Scissor Sisters or Junior Senior, or anyone who isn't a product pretending to be a human being/artist.

GOOD EFFORT!
: THIS C.D IS GREAT!I
DO THINK IT
COULD BE
A BIT BETTER,
BUT BRITNEY ISN'T LIKE CHRISTINA AGUILERA,SHE WASN'T MADE FOR A LOW VOICE LIKE
MOST
PEOPLE
I KNOW
LIKE.SHE TRIED HER BEST
AND THAT'S ALL THAT MATTER'S. ...

no!
no!
no!!
she did it again!!?!?!?!
NO!!!!!!!!!!!!
:
More pop for the young snobby preppy 9-12 year olds
the scariest moments of my life is when i see young girls running to a stage where britney sings meaningless pathetic pop songs and i hate this because she has no dignity & that kiss between her and madonna on the vmas was pathetic this album is pathetic now if you have 20 bucks in your pocket and are thinking about buying this album move away from the pop section and go buy the new marilyn manson cd or wait for the new KoRn cd.
Some music that was written with anger/emotion/sadnessPOP SUCKS
- Any metalhead in america

Oops.. She should'nt have done it again:
Thank goodness this girl is cute because that is all I can say for her.
This CD is full of tired rhythm tracks, sloppy ballads(Dear Diary), and bad singing.
The title song is listenable but only once.
I did'nt know where she was coming from with the RollingStones remake(Satisfaction).
It seems so out of place and awkwardly done.
I received the CD as a gift and believe me,they should'nt have.

When you're a musician who isn't remembered for her music, that's a bad sign.
: So, what is it that people see in Mrs. Spears?
It's not her music, I've worked that much out.
It probably isn't her nonexistant, overblown "sexuality", either.
At this point, she's became a parody of herself.
It's probably because she's tabloid fodder...
yeah,
that's it...
it's useless people like Brittney that should be sent off to fight for Iraq.

mostly pop junks: Britney's songs have nice up-lifting beats.
But if you listen to all the songs, you would think they are pretty much the same.
With her half moaning, half groaning at the beginning and few seconds of silence in the middle toward the end.
Miss Spears should work with a variety of creative song writers who can provide her different styles of songs!
Not just these pop junks that have little insights into real life.

They actually let her do it again?
: Can anyone say Recycle?
God, and I thought when my dorky lil teenaged cousin played
the first one was bad, now i have to listen to this crap.
Girlfriend.
. .
. no.
Just plain NO.
Go get some voice lessons first cuz the Mickey Mouse squeaking thing is OVER!
I'm telling this as a former 80's pop star fan, all you little ones will get over it.
Trust me.
Thank goodness.

bad cd!
: this is a bad cd, and a bad singer!
i admit britneycan NOT sing at all!!!
i used to like her when shefirst started out but now i don't like her!
i own thiscd
yes, but i don't listen to it anymore hardly.
do yourselfa favor and don't buy this CD!
britney can't sing!
my momdoesn't
even like britney!
neither do some of my friendsat school, they don't like her either!

Oops!...
I Wrote The Same Record AGAIN!
:
Britney spears' album sounds almost like a replica of ...
Baby one more time!
and what's with all the weird talking in all of her songs!

Oops!.....I look like a slut!
:
Can't she just get hit with another camera, and maybe ruin her face?
I mean, come on!
We already have enough teeny bopper bands here, we don't need more of them making new albums.
All of her songs sound the same, and in every one she's talking about a guy, who she'll never get.
And does she really have to show off her boobs.
NEWS FLASH!
EVERBODY ALREADY KNOWS
YOU GOT A BOOB JOB
, YOU DON'T NEED
TO SHOW THEM OFF IN EVERYONE OF YOUR
VIDEOS!

She is Queen: It looks like she "did it again"!
For devout Spears fan this CD is a must!
However, the beats all seem the same and it is after all typical teen pop stuff.
They are great dance tunes though and from reading some other reviews i don't think she deserves some of the harsh critism people are giving her.
She is after all the original female pop queen who led the way for many others and she is the original.
Her personality beats
Miss Aguilera's and her dance moves catch the eye.
So, she desevrves credit for her work, and she may still surprise us, and "hit us again"!

Oops she did do it again..and it sucked: I recieved this CD for my birthday for some reason.
I listened to it all the way through and was very unhappy.
All the songs on here are very catchy and hard to resist to sing along to.
But when it all comes down to it...
The lyrics sound like a 13 year old girls poems..or letters..or in some case diary entries.
Ive seen Britney Spears perform and she can dance, but obviously cant carry a simple tune.
Her voice is very annoying on this album.
All the songs pretty much sound the same.
And I would not recommend this album,unless of course your 13 years or younger.
I can recognize talent when i hear it, and i dont hear any of it on this CD.
People comparing Britney with Christina?
I dont think so.
Im not a fan of any but clearly grab Christina's latest CD "Mi Reflejo" and TRY to compare them.
I think you'll know which is the one with the actual talent, and not just looks.
I'll tell you..its not Britney, thats for sure.
This album is even worst than her debut.

Oops she did it again: Oops she failed again!
I bougt this CD because I heard Oops
I did it again on the radio and liked it.
But now, I have no earthly idea why i wasted money for such an awful CD.
No catchy tunes, no different sounding songs, no good songs at all.
This CD and her other one show exactly how much talent
Britney has-- barely any at all.
Though there are some songs i like, like Lucky and Oops
I did it again, all of these songs get old.
There are so many other talented teen girls, like Mandy Moore and Jessica Simpson, I don't even see how Britney has a chance.
There is no way i recomend this CD because I promise you that they can enjoy.

This CD Sucks: I was looking for the longest time a Sonia Rivas CD and found this one here, bought it
and I realized they're not the original versions of the songs.
Most of it was my fault for not listening to the samples.

Obscure writing style alienated me:
As a latino who has enjoyed occasional plays or songs that used Spanglish as a gimmick, I was curious to read this book that claimed that our entire culture should be re-labeled as Spanglish.
But within a few pages, I realized that the author engages in a self-congratulatory "deconstructionist" style designed to impress a) his writing professor in college, b) his less-educated peers, c) not sure whom?
Frequent references to Jack Kerouac, Dubois and others seems more of a last-minute thought to fluff-out or "fatten" the book for press time.
I would not recommend this book for anyone needing to learn about the current Latino culture or our issues; a much better bargain is the free pdf download at Lulac.org website.

I can't stand it: I can't stand this kind of music.
But, because I'm a rock fan, I'm always trying to discover new bands for myself to listen and like, and I keep finding this horrible bands.

A Great Book: I have read this book now for the second time.
This is very well written.
Max Lucado really did a wonderful job when he wrote this book.
I have looked back throught it and plan to read it again one day.
You will enjoy it, so do not delay buying it, go ahead and get it.
You will not be sorry for this purchase.

One of my favorite Loretta Young Movies:
Loretta Young is adorable playing a swedish maid for a to-be congressman.
This is a good movie to watch on a frosty morning with a cup of grog!
(Which she fixes in this movie with a hot poker).

Best for Me: I really like this stand.
Folds compact and is very sturdy.
But, no 5 star because the bolt threads stripped on adjusting side after 3 gigs.
Easily fixed with a trip to the hardware store.
Replaced carriage bolt and thumb nut with a higher quality.
Metric or Standard can be used.

Great movie, not so great reproduction: If you are in to sci-fi then this movie is a must see.
I remember this movie when it first came out and the story is still just as good today.
It doesn't contain all the special effects of contemporary movies but it makes up for that with actually having a story line and a good plot.
The only reason I rated this movie 4 stars was not for the movie itself but because the quality of the dvd was not the best.
Many scenes suffered from a washed out look and the quality is general was not the best.
It looks like it was copied from a worn out vcr tape to a dvd.

24 Pack Not Enough: These things snap, break and crack like it was their job.
I bought two packs of these picks figuring it was a great deal
and they'd last me a bit...
but after playing just two sets I have gone through the first pack of 24.
At this rate, 48 picks won't last me a month.
In one song alone I broke three picks.
I've never had a problem with thin picks before, and I went back to the old brand with no problems.
Caveat emptor.

Don't buy.
Sell, sell, sell.
: This book is a little more entertaining than his newer "Mad Money" book.
If you base your investment decision based on his books, then you are really mad.

Cramer's Insane Investing Ideas:
Cramer is the type of guy who loves to be the center of attention and loves to hear himself lecture other people on how to invest in a volatile market.
Problem is that this guy has made so many poor stock picks since his show went on the air that most people now just laugh at him.
This clown will one day tell his viewers to pick up shares in company X and then next week tell them to sell it.
He flip-flops on so many companies that I really believe he is Insane like the title of the book suggests.
He often tells his viewers that he used to run a hedge fund.
I can't imagine how much money he lost for his clients.

Great Book...but MISSING PAGES!
:
This book is AWESOME!!!
The content is useful & written so "normal" people can understand and learn the subject matter w/o a degree in the field.
HOWEVER...
IT IS MISSING THE LAST HALF OF THE LAST CHAPTER, THE EPILOGUE & THE IDEX!
The book was bound by the publisher without the pages!
I haven't had any luck trying to get assistance with this...
I contacted the author, the publisher & AMAZON told me to send it back and
they'd send me another - but I don't want another w/ missing pages!
So...BUYER BEWARE!!!
This is a great book by a great author, I just wish I could read it all!

Capitalist Pig On Ritalin.
: Ritalin-Jim does his best to objectify his investing style and tells some interesting stories here and there with an overall difficult-to-read writing style, all while trying to maintain appeal to wannabee-rich suburbanites and frat-boys.
Basically, Mr. Cramer performs better than he writes.
If one were to condense the actual investing strategies and concrete advice provided within, this book would be about 15 pages in length.
It is interesting to note that Mr. Cramer goes out of his way to bash other Wall Street pundits for their "advice-only-to-line-my-pockets" logic while he himself exudes the same logic.
Cramer's book is full of plugs for his other investing services (ActionAlertsPlus etc.) which lure you in with a short free trial period, then automatically charge your credit card afterward.
What you have here is a true-blue Yankee hustler.
BOOOOYAAAAAAAAHHHH.
Wanna bet who's making the most money off all this?
One guess, not you.

Hate this book!:
Nothing but common sense in this book!
Contantly saying "You need to know or you have to know".
If I could predict the market, I wouldn't be buying your book.
There is nothing in this book you don't already know.
Alot of words, no point!
Please, tell us something we don't already know.
If you are going to write a book, know something wise!
Hated it!

Insufferable self promotion with little original content.
: You won't find anything here that hasn't been said elsewhere with greater organization & precision and with more humility.
Mr. Cramer would have us believe that he is the last intelligent life on Wall Street instead of a money manager whose main claim to fame is that he prospered during one of the great bull markets of all time.
I gave it two stars because there are useful points in the book - none original and none which you couldn't get from some of the longer reviews here.
Save your money.

Great but somewhat repetitive:
So I've been watching "Mad money" for some time now and have read this book too.
There is a certain repetetiveness about Cramer ... though I feel and know its basically cause he's targetting a different audience (from novices to somewhat experienced home-gamers).But
even then it can sometimes get monotonous!
That said this book is a really good one if you are new to the world of stocks or even if you've been in for some time but find it tough to cut through the crap thats loaded onto you on radio and TV!This book can be read real fast.... but to get the full import of whats being said reading it over a couple of weeks would be better!

Great Read:
My overall review for this book is good.
I bought it as a learing tool to gain more knowledge of the market.
The content was good, i learned a lot.
I would recommend this book to anyone that wants to gain more knowledge.

PRODUCT NOT REC
: I have ordered this product for more than 2 months & I didnt recived it till today.
I have chacked my mail but they confirmed that the item was not delievred to their office

WOW!
This is Debbie Gibson?:
Deborah lights up the dance floor once again with such a techno dance driven extravaganza.
I can't believe this is the same girl who gave us
"Shake Your Love" and "Electric Youth".
Deborah has grown up into a fine singer, and her voice seems very much fine tuned from years past.
Way to go Deborah!

Line is way too faint!!!
: I was testing with them from 9dpo and on well at 12 dpo
I took an answer test to get my bfp because these just kept coming up negative
so I thought...
just turns out the line is so faint you need a flash light to see it.
The line was even very faint three days after my period still needed flash light to see it.
It is very frustrating that the line is so faint and looks negative even when you are pregnant.
Would not recommend to ttc experts and poas addicts.

14' Multi Waist Band Mini From XOXO:
This Skirt Is Hot!
The Bleached Lookup Is Kinda 80's With A Short Mini Rock Star Look.
The Perfect Skirt For Summer
To Show Off Your Sexy Legs.

Not a manual: This is not an owner's manual for the product.
The blurb is confusing.
Probably not a good item to buy on line, it is hard to see what you are getting.

Perfect for Child Violinist:
My 7-year-old daughter's violin instructor requested my daughter have onhand a manuscript notebook so that the instructor could write music for my daughter to practice.
Having it in a spiralboud notebook is far better than loose pieces of blank staves.
The book is 64-pages, which is a nice amount because by the time my daughter nears the end of the book, it will be fun to look at what she did in the beginning and see how far she's come.
I wasn't sure how many staves there should be (I didn't even know what a stave was), but the instructor was fine with this notebook.
The cover is sturdy enough.
The page opacity is more than adequate.
Overall, a very good purchase for the price.

poor quality: worked fine for 60 days, then died.if you buy this, buy at least a half dozen to get you through the year

Reads like a technical manual.
: The author is extremely "wordy" and "flowery" in his writing style, which strikes me as either pretentious or maybe that wast the style at the time it was written.
While some readers may enjoy reading this style, I'm more of the "get to the point," kind.

Will & Grace Season
Seven
: This was to continue the set I already have.
Watched this on TV.
needed it
so I would not be at the mercy of the TV stations.

Annoying: Maybe this show appeals to some people, but to me the characters seem like a bunch of annoying, whiny retards.
I can't stand the voices of the main actors - two of them shriek rather than talk.
Rather than provide comedy that everybody can enjoy, Will & Grace revolves around cliches and gay sex jokes.
Debra Messing is the only salvation in the show, but she's not enough to save bad comedy.

Joel Turns
In Good, Melodic Pop
: Glass Houses effectively represents Billy Joel's gift for finely crafted pop music.
His melodic skills remind one of McCartney, but there is nothing exceedingly frivolous on this album.
Joel also writes good lyrics, with an occasional witty play on words.
For the most part, the songs are pleasing yet varied pop gems. '
Close To The Borderline' comes along at just the right time, rocking a bit harder. '
Through The Long Night' ends the album effectively and tenderly.

Great tote bag!
: This is a quality tote bag, which I've been using for a few months now.
The only negative thing I would say would be
I wish it were a tad bigger--it's difficult to judge its size by the picture.
But I am very pleased with my purchase and will continue to add pieces to the set.

Great coffee for at home:
This little guy makes a fanastic coffee (more for two than three).
Takes a bit of practice to get the perfect cup, but definitely worth it.
I recommend placing it on the stovetop on low heat with the lid open to avoid excessive bubbling, which gives the coffee a bit more bitterness.
Cleans very easily with just cold water.

Excellent product:
The 3-cup is tiny, but then I never have any coffee to throw away.
It works fine on ceramic countertop, and is easy to use and clean (hot water
recommended).Definitely a good buy

Do not buy...
: It is not worth the $20 or what ever the current price may be.
It gives a coffee plus metallic taste.
It discolored after the first wash / use.
I bought this particular one because there were way more positive reviews than negative ones but don't underestimate a negative review.
You get what you pay for.
Metal...

Aluminum toxicity: There IS a steel counterpart!
Note that coffee is a strong acid, and thus the Al binds to it (like rhubarb).
Using these is almost certainly very very bad for you (although not yet proven).
Please do not buy these aluminum pots!
Spend $10-15 more.
I have a Bialetti Musa
and I love it (although I use my
Toddy T2N more)Bialetti Musa:
[...]
Bialetti "Percolator": [...]

I received a knock off: The product I was sent was not a real Bialetti even though it came in a Bialetti box.
Around the third time that I used it the espresso maker stopped working properly.
Only about one cup of very strong disgusting metal tasting coffee came out and the remainder would not come out.
I have a one cup Bialetti that I purchased in Italy and the one I got from Amazon does not even compare.
The Bialetti from Italy is made of good quality metal and makes great tasting espresso.
The Bialetti from Amazon has to be a complete knock off.
I returned it as defective.

Solid: Have these hanging on my power rack.
Giant strong carabiners, solid stitching, comfortable padding, tough nylon.
What more could you ask for?

Great product (In theory)
: I have only owned these ab straps for a week and after the first time I used them I notice the threads coming apart where the straps holds the hooks in place.
It is only a matter of time before I fall
and I don't like having to look at the straps every time I complete a set.
These are great straps in theory, however, they are made very cheap, so you get what you pay for I suppose.
If you value your life, depending on how high you're hanging, don't buy these straps and spend the extra money on something that's made to last.

Rise Of The Stuffed Animals.
: This movie is sooo bad it isn't funny.
All you have to watch is the beginning to see that the rampaging animals are pretty much stuffed animals from some poor little kids collection,believe me it's that bad.
I only watched a half hour of this super fake movie and I think that's more than enough for any human to endure.

straight garbage:
After infiltrating an all girl's slumber party in a remote cabin, Wolf, an awkward pizza delivery driver spends a passionate evening with a beautiful teen named Samantha.
The next morning Samantha is gone, and the cabin in the woods is attacked by a family of deer.
After a brutal massacre the cabin is bathed in the blood and gruesome remains of deer and teenage girl.
Wolf, his best friend Jake, and Jake's sister Rachel are the only ones left standing.
Wolf finds Samantha's cell phone amidst the blood bath, and the trio set out on an epic, cross-country journey to return the lost phone to the girl of Wolf's dreams.
As animals across the globe turn on humanity and society quickly collapses into chaos, Wolf's determined spirit pushes him forward against all odds.
But is she worth it?it was just phony for 22 bucks glad i rent it

Favorite Buddy cd and the most fiery studio blues album!
:
The passion and outright blues savagery are unparalleled in any studio blues recording i have ever heard!
I have actually shed a few tears while driving alone and getting sucked into the blues played here!

False all the way: Contrary to some reviewers, the author did claim he was a SEAL in Vietnam.
Co-author Reeves said all the names were changed(except for SEAL narrator Taylor of course) and some incidents were mixed together, but these type of things did happen in his SEAL team he
insists(shooting kids, smoking dope on patrol, openly being racist,etc.).
Reeves further claims that Taylor's nightmares were reduced by telling his story.
As we know now, James C. Taylor was never a SEAL or in Vietnam, let alone a SEAL in Vietnam.
He was a Navy mechanic stationed here in the U.S.Military records confirmed this in Stolen Valor .Furthermore, the comparisons to Marcinko's books is also wrong.
Those are books of heroism, teamwork,reality, and humor.
In other words this book is a sham.

Train set: Train set construction less than expected for price.
Had difficulties getting the trains to lineup on track.
Wouldn't have bought if known the construction was not great.

Misleading photo; low load capacity
: The product photos are very, very misleading.
Anything bigger than a point-and-shoot, even my lightweight Sony NEX or a speedlight, will cause the top ball joint to tilt and the unit to topple over.
The plastic links in the legs don't fit tightly enough to make this as versatile as, say, a real Gorillapod.

Flexible Tripod:
The flexible tripod works great with my Flip video camera.
Can wrap around a small tree branch or even on car door handle.

Too "flexible" to hold a Nikon D5100:
The main downfall about this flexible tripod is that you can not adjust how tight you want the legs or head to be to prevent movement.
Could not hold my D5100 to save its life.
Stick to this for pocket cameras.

Broke after a short time and limited use.
: The title says it all.
I don't use my camera much, but I wanted something that would allow me to take pictures of my wife
and I during our travels.
This tripod broke after a very short time and my camera fell on the ground.
Luckily the camera still works but don't take that chance with yours!!!!The part
that broke was
were the mount for the camera (screw) and tripod meet.
I even tried to super glue the piece back together just to see if it would work (without my camera attached of course)...then another piece of plastic broke off...
wow!!!

GOOD CONCERT:
THIS CONCERT IS A GOOD REPRESENTATION OF THE 'EIGHTIES BOWIE
AND I LIKE THE SONG LIST.
I DON'T LIKE THIS
AS MUCH AS REALITY TOUR.
SERIOUS MOONLIGHT SEEMS TO FOCUS MORE ON BOWIES ACTING AND CHARACTER THAN ALL THE GREAT SONGS
HE WROTE.
REALITY TOURS FOCUS IS ON THE SONGS
AND I FEEL
THE BAND IS MUCH BETTER, HIS BEST, IN MY OPINION.
HAVING SAID THAT, I,M STILL GLAD
I BOUGHT IT AND IT
SHOULD BE IN ANY BOWIE FANS COLLECTION.

disappointed: The product description indicated "Personalization Our personalized accents have a nameplate with a bronzed finish where names and dates are engraved".
There was nothing included that in any way resembled a nameplate.

Pink, She's coming up!: I recently purchased "Can't Take Me Home".
It's a really great album, even though I'm not used to that type of music.
Pink's style and creativity definatly shows through her music.
I definatly recommend this album to anyone who likes upbeat R&B music.

An inspiraion to be YOURSELF...
: In this debut album, Pink not only displays wonderful Pop/R&B grooves, but strongly encourages individuality, and not to try so hard to "fit it.
"
She certainly is one lady with attitude and edge!Pink jumps from funky dance tracks like "You Make Me Sick" and "Most Girls" to slow, strong vocal songs such as "Stop Falling" and "You Oughta Know.
"
Pink is a very talented lady not only when it comes to vocals, but she's an excellent dancer and performer.

Very good floor cleaner
: This works extremely well and has a great fragrance.
I use it on hardwoods, pergo and tiles with good results on all.

SAme with this one: Sorry guys, same thing with this oneDon't like the music , don;t reay care, anonther one, Hard to fill this one as ell.

Few laughs with Arnez J.: I saw Arnez J. perform on the BET network a couple years ago and have been looking for a video of his work ever since.
When I saw this video offered here, I ordered it with eager anticipation of laughing until my my stomach muscles burned.
Unfortunately, the only thing that got burned was a hole in my wallet.
The Arnez J. I saw on BET and the Arnez J. in this video are two completely different performers.
He spent entirely too much time poorly delivering cliche' material that's been performed far better by various other artists.
In addition, he infused very little of his trademark body convulsing into the act.
From the poor performance to the home video quality of the tape, Arnez J.'s "I Got Problems in Chicago" has even more problems delivering laughs.
It was a complete and utter disappointment as well as a waste of money.

the bridge between a calculus textbook and actual understanding: This book casually fills in the blanks between knowing what calculus looks like and why it is that it actually works.
The authors make it comfortable to get into understanding the calculus without one intimidating and lifeless mechanism after another.
This would not be a good book to learn calculus from, but it is truly the best complement to a standard calculus textbook.

Not what I thought I bought.
:
This item NEVER said in the discription that it was a MAGNETIC money clip.
It was not at all what I wanted.
Waste of money and false advertising.

Pass on the Pap
Please: I totally agree with the other reviewers that when it comes to Canadian rock, most of the choice tracks are left out in favour of commercial pap.
While "Lay it on the Line" has to be the biggest power rock song of all time from a three man group there are sadly, a lot of omissions.
In addition to the ones mentioned I would also include "Young Enough to Cry" from the "Just a Game" album.
A better blues guitar song you will never hear, at least not on this compilation.

CD Triumph Classics:
Absolutely classic CD and one
I've wanted to acquire for awhile.
I was disappointed upon unwrapping, to find the disk had a deep scratch which precluded playing the last song on the disk.
I do appreciate Amazon's return policy and prompt service to replace this CD with an undamaged one.
Thank you.v/rShannon

great movie: this movie combines two of my favorite things.
Bike touring/navigation and mt.
biking.
It was interesting to see the both the physical demands of this sport and the emotional and mental strength needed.

Boring: I thought the video would show them doing the actual bike riding, as in helmet cams or the such but nope.
The camera men had to often hunt down the bikers as they didn't take cellphones/walkie talkies with them (cells wouldn't work in most areas I'm sure).Extremely boring video.
Had high hopes.

Boring: Please, do yourself a favour and do not read this book.
Most of the time it's extremly boring!
The only reason I gave this book a 2 was because I liked the ending.

Very cute collection, but skip the mobile
: I registered for the entire Locomotion collection before my son was born and have been very happy with it.
I love the theme, but the mobile was a big disappointment.
It didn't fit the crib properly and although my husband tried to figure out a way to install it without any type of conversion kit available, he just couldn't attach it safely and we ended up returning it.
Also, although the mobile matches the theme, I found that the colors weren't very stimulating.
We bought the Tiny Love Symphony
In Motion Mobile instead and although the colors didn't match, our son got many months of enjoyment and stimulation out of it.

Horrible: Pieces are absurdly tiny.
The checkers do not stack.
The whole package stinks literally and figuratively.
It actually smells very bad.
Some kind of chemical order.
Will be returned.

Too big!
:
My daughter ordered this and didn't check the dimensions.
When we got it, it was way too big....
I would like to return it, but don't know how.
Can you help?

Tiger, Tiger - Really Good:
It has been so long since I read this
but I do remember that I really enjoyed it.
The characters were great and who wouldn't enjoy thinking about what it would be like to own a tiger as a pet.
This book also takes you to a time when Christianity was still coming about and the Coliseum was still used as entertainment.
A fun book and anyone who loves animals, tigers, or ancient history I think would enjoy this book.

Old fashion works
: This thing works period.
Its been around for all these years for a reason.
Use your head and don't over do it the first time you'll be sorry.
Great product!

Works!:
Works the Abs great!
Make sure when using, its done correctly.
If not, you could get back pain.

Excellent product and price!
: I have other Valeo products
so I chose this brand because they make good products.
I used this for the first time yesterday
and boy
oh boy do I feel it today.
Abs, obliques, shoulders and arms.
I think this will be a great addition to my home work out collection.
This is NOT a magic product that will give you a gym body by itself.
I work out at a gym 5 days a week and watch what I eat and will use this to enhance and challenge myself.
My home gym gadgets are to supplement my work outs not replace them, so if you want to spice up your work out, then this is your item.
It's sturdy and assembles in 5 seconds.
A+++++

Easy to assemble, does it's job:
Arrived earlier than expected.
Took about 20 seconds to assemble.
Love this product-
abs are burning, babes are yearning.
Get it!!

Good for core work
: It's good since it has 2 wheels for added stability.
Handles are ok.
Too bad I stopped working abs (LB squats, Deads and Presses work them fine now).

Its perfect: I have to tell you when I was reading the negative reviews I had to laugh.
I ordered this because its a small simple peice of equipment that you can even fit in your suitcase.
The assemly took me all of 2 seconds.
Take the bar, put on the wheels slide on the handles, done!
As far as the work out I think its great
I get sweaty hands
so you if you have that same issue you might want to look for some grip gloves.
I have no complaints about the quality of the product.
It is a hard plastic so unless your trying to break it not sure than you can.
Go for it and spend the money its worth it.

Love this feeling!
: What can i say the very first day i got it i starting using in.
Like 5 min into my work out i began to feel this burning in the upper part of my abs.
The vertical line in my abs started to mark out and my abdomen was hard like a rock.
I couldnt do any for the next two days tho(rest)
but now im good and getting used to it.

Easy and good:
The Valeo Ab Wheel came as 5 parts, two wheels, one steel bar and two handles.
I assembled it in under a minute with no hassle or fuss.
Used it and it works as an ab wheel should.
Great price, easy assembly and
it works.
What more to say.

Covers fell off immediately: The paper is fine, but the spiral binding is of poor quality.
The front and back cover of the book fell off in the first five minutes of use.

I ordered for Catch A Falling Star on 4/26 & haven't rec'd: I ordered & paid for Catch A Falling Star on 4/26 through Paypal.
I've e'd the seller a few times with no results!
I won't deal through him again.

Standing in the Shadow of Rush!:
Although Rush has been my favorite band since the early 80's, with this masterpiece, I made some room in my heart for Triumph.
EVERY song on here is stellar, so I can't believe that this wasn't a monster hit.
In 1984, Eddie Van Halen was getting all the press for rock guitarists, but Rik Emmett had the guitar performance of the year on this baby!!
From riff rock ("Spellbound," "Rock Out Roll On") to blues (love the pinch harmonics on "Little Boy Blues") to classical ("Midsummer Daydream" shows Rik could run rings around ANY OTHER rock guitarist), Rik Emmett will make your jaw drop.
To this day, I still love singing along with Rik's high vocal parts on "Time Goes By.
"
For the price, this CD should be a part of your collection.

They Overestimated Him
: One can only imagine how embarassed the authors are at this point in time (2008).
They should have given Boy Bush a few more years in the saddle before she threw the word "genius" his way, and decided to present his obvious weaknesses as "strengths.
"
But like so many other self-delusionals, they were probably in thrall to "The Decider" after 9/11 scared them senseless, and absolutely giddy when he heroically landed on the USS Abraham Lincoln.
But he was always an intellectually incurious, stubbornly self-righteous moron more than willing to surround himself with yes men instead of talent, and while remaining devoid of any real understanding of or respect for the US Constitution and the rule of law.
To say nothing of our military, which he has used to lay waste to Iraq in what can only be described as a vanity war.
The smirking chimp will occupy the bottom rung of the presidential ratings ladder forever.

Waste of time
: I watched this on pitchfork.tv expecting something truly awesome.
There's no Daft Punk music.
Throughout most of the movie, there's this awful ticking noise.
Yes, I get it.
Robots want to be human.
I want my 74 minutes back.

NOT
WHAT YOU THINK...
AT ALL!
:
Although this is our man, Scott Walker, the genius behind TILT and the SCOTT 1 through 4 collection, this is him when he was about eight years old, singing lame jingles in a prepubecent voice.
It's sad that you can buy this but many of his albums from the seventies are unavailable.
If you like Betty Boop songs, get this.
If you want to hear the equivolent to the Backstreet Boys back before you were born, get this.
If you simply must have everything by Walker, even something this hoaky, then fine, get it.
But if you have even an iota of musical taste, then run from this, screaming!

Everywhere I Go
I Listen To This CD:
In Kenny Chesney's newest released CD
"Everywhere We Go"
, one can here one of the most well composed amd well produced collection of songs in country music today.
If you were to listen you would have a different, but posotive response to each song due to its different variations of tempos, styles, and each songs meanings.
While one song is talking about having a great time on a beach in Mexico, another song is talking about how he can get his girlfriend back.
This gives the listener different emotions throughout the CD.
I strongly recomend this fantastic CD created by this talented musician.

A CD THAT IS ABLE
TO TAKE YOU ON AN EMOTIONAL ROLLERCOASTER!
: I can not say enough about this album...
It truly is an album that has it all!!!
From the quirky
She Thinks My Tractor's Sexy, to the emotional
You Had Me From Hello, the album will both lift and touch you with it's meaningful songs.
The replay value of this cd is tremendous.
You will not grow tired of this album.
Kenny Chesney is an underappreciated star who is soon to be on the rise.

Simply amazing!
: This is their second album, and it does vary quite a bit from the first, although they are both great.
Here you can see how they have really kicked it up a notch in all areas.
This features some incredible orchestrations, but where this differers from a band like Haggard for instance who also utilize a lot of orchestral elements, is that Tvangeste seamlessly integrates all of these incredible orchestral arrangement directly within their songs.
This is also backed up by very good male and female choruses combined with black metal shrieks.
You will also find a violin solo, flute solo, but no filler material here!
Everything here is so refined and the songwriting top notch.
Absolutely cannot recommend this band enough, and we can only hope to see a new album from them soon!

Kind of dull.
: Madonna has really lost it.
I guess this is supposed to be a pop song, but it doesn't work.
Madonna needs to let her hair down and show some real pop energy.
With this song, I have officially given up on this singer.
Like many stars before her, the best moments are in the past.

Multi-Talented Creative Collectable Album:
Ultra Nate -
How Long
[CD Maxi-Single]This single is a multi-talent creative effort from various music producers creating another classic collectable Ultra Nate release.
Basement Boys, Nellee Hooper, Mufi & Whip, PeteHeller & Terry Farley and Mood II Swing add the various flavours to the original title track remixed into Hip Hop, Jazz, R&B;, Pop, Club/Disco and House.
Highlights are tracks 1, 3, 5, 6, 7, 9 & 10.

so cute!
: I love grasshoppers and went on a search for a cute stuffed grasshopper I could put up on my shelf.
This one fit the bill.
When it arrived for Christmas, my husband, family, and I couldn't stop playing with it because of the cute little noise that it made!!

Exquisite Fin-de-Siecle Musique!...
: Caplet and Magnard were part of the Franco-Belgian school of late-Romantic [i.e., Wagnerian] chamber music at the Fin de Siecle.
These two works are very representative of their talents and ethos.
Mozart, of course, invented the Piano-Wind Quintet (his K.452); Beethoven used the same ensemble in creating his wonderful Op.
16--both in Eb.
Caplet and Magnard--being Frenchmen--substituted flute for horn in their Piano-Wind Quintets.
Both died prematurely as a result of hostile action: Caplet was gassed on the Western Front, and never fully recovered; Magnard shot with his rabbit-gun at some German infantry on his estate, and was killed in retaliation: members of the "lost generation.
"

two plates came broken: When i rec'd the package, it was in a box
exactly the same size as the box the tea set came in.
There was no bubble wrap and no fragile sign on the box.
If the seller would send me a yellow and a green plate, it would perfect!

A Good General Insider's History of WWII IJN Sub Ops: Sunk! is a good overview of IJN sub ops in WWII though, as with most English translations of Japanese war-time accounts made just after the war, it seems like the translators might have glossed alot over.
I don't know for sure that this was in fact done
but it just feels that way.
If you want a much more in-depth of the midget submarine operation in support of the Pearl Harbor attack - which involved the I-24 that Hashimoto was serving on as the Torpedo Officer at the time - I would recommend getting Burl Burlingame's Advance Force Pearl Harbor.
Otherwise this is a good nut-shell history of I-Boats from an insider who was himself personally in the thick of much of the action he describes.

CD review
: This couple write some of the best original folk tunes out there.
Humor with sometimes an edge.

It's a classic for a reason: It is certainly the work of brilliance most people say it is.
What I found most amazing is how concisely Orwell portrays the entire rise and fall of a civilization.
It is a wonderful, and very sad, portrait of humanity, through the guise of animals.
I think it also has something to say about animals themselves, and our treatment of them.
Definitely recommended.

I Really Liked It!!
: Personally I loved this book.
It shows how people get power hungry and make you think they are doing it for you
but actually they are doing it for themselves.
A great book for adults and teens
but you have to understand how parts of our world are run.
I couldn't put it down all day!
I think Geroge Orwell was a great writer.
That is all I have to say for now.

Not too good: the book 'animal farm' was not very good.
we read it in english, and the book is so boring
i almost fell asleep reading it.
george orwell must be old.
i do not recommend this book to anyone.. try watching tv instead.
but dont watch the movie, its worse than the book.

The farm would go bankrupt sooner or later: This political fairytale is absolutely amazing!
It is not so often that one can read about drunken pigs in the true sense of the word.
Even though the end of the story shows the pigs and humans playing cards together, a handful of human heroes believe, that the farm would go bankrupt sooner or later and pigsticking can't be avoided.
And they are right, even despite the pigs beginning to walk on their hind legs, thus completing their transformation into undistinguishable creatures.
Orwell in a masterly way leaves it for a reader to decide at the end, whether this transformation has been made into Homo sapiens or Homo sovieticus.

Orwell himself was a Democratic Socialist: From Wikipedia(in regards to Stalin's Russia) and Animal Farm.
The novel addresses not only the corruption of the revolution by its leaders but also how wickedness, indifference, ignorance, greed and myopia destroy any possibility of a Utopia.
While this novel portrays corrupt leadership as the flaw in revolution (and NOT the act of revolution itself), it also shows how potential ignorance and indifference to problems within a revolution could allow horrors to happen if smooth transition to a people's government isn't satisfied.

OK BOOK, Read if bored.
: This book wasn't as good as everyone says it was.
It is a little messed up because of the pigs and humans...
That's my opinion.

Good All Around
: This book is very good.
Not only does it demonstrate how power corrupts, but it uses humor at the same time.
Orwell shows his masterful thinking in this humorous and didactic novel.
I highly recommend this book to anyone who wishes to have a better understanding of human nature.

Times have changed: I only bought the book because our book club chose it.
I saw the animated film version years ago and as I remember it was very effective.
I only read a few pages as I had no real wish to read it knowing what a gloomy tale it told.
From the little I read I could tell it has become somewhat dated as communism is no longer the dire threat to western civilisatiion it was when the book came out.
Of course, the corruptive influence of power is ever with us as is totalitarianism in various guises around the world.
And I do think George Orwell did pigs a disservice; they are fine animals and as far as I know they have shown no signs of wishing to rule the world.

Animal Farm:
This book was rated good.
When it arrived it was so marked up, you could barely make out the words.
Not only was it highlighted, it was vigorously underlined with pen and individual words were circled.
There were copious notes written in the margin.
This is a high school summer reading book.
There was no way it could be easily read.
With that said, the return was more than efficient with my money being returned immediately.

quite interesting: This book treats a very interesting issue which is, in my opinion, still very current.
A revolution with a totalitarian regime following afterwards was and is still very likely to happen today.
the book gets partly boring, that is in the middle of it when it is described how things get worse for the andimals
but nothing actually happens.
I think it is useful and important to read the book, but it is not to be read if you want something enjoyable.

Timeless Classic
:P:
I HIGHLY recommend this book to absolutely everybody.
I've read Orwell's Animal Farm thrice, and I enjoyed it more and more every time.
There is just SO much to get out of this book.
The third time I read Animal Farm, it was for sophomore World English, and our test was made of completely random quotes from the book.
We had to explain the significance of the quote as it reflects the Russian Revolution.
There is so much depth to this book!
The first time I read it, I saw the superficial level- story about animals, good, bad, ugly.
It was great.
Then, as I read it twice and then a third time, I got more out of it than I ever imagined.
This is the 2nd best book that came from the 1940's (behind Aldous Huxley's Brave New World).

None: Crazy!
I am 10 and this book was not a gud influence on me.
It was boring and ddduuuulll @ the beginning
and i almost died.
But then when it got exciting i was disturbed because they started killing each other and the pigs turned into people.
ithought that this would be a gud "fairy story", like the title says.
but, like they always say, "don't judge a book by its cover.
"
THIS IS NOT A GUD FAIRY STORY!!!!!!!!!!!!! }
:(

I didnt recieve the item!!!
: I want my money back for this purchase, since you guys decided not to send it to me

Animal Farm:
Animal Farm was a very interesting book.
It was about a bunch of animals managing a farm on their own with any outside help.
They got tired of their lazy drunken farmer and had a rebellion and kicked him off the farm.
It was a very good book and I liked it because it was almost like real.
I could just picture farm animals living and working on their own.
It was just like they were real people.
George Orwell did a great job giving the animals character and personality.
It almost seemed that they were alive.
If you like fantasy I suggest you read this book.

Great: It was what I expected and I received asap.
GREAT GREAT ..
ikdjklsjfksdjflksjdklfasjakdflskfjdksakdfjlsfjlskadflsdfkakdsflsdjfadkflasdkakldkfsdlkadkflsdkdflslksdskdfl

Don't read this right after reading Nineteen-Eighty-Four: I tried to read this after reading 1984 (which I really enjoyed), and found Animal Farm to be really irritating.
I guess it's because Orwell is trying to say similar things re:totalitarianism etc., and once you've figured out what he's saying, it's boring trying to get through the actual story.
The illustrations in my particular book was annoying too.
I think I should try to re-read it next year.

Wilbur Goes Red
: Now before I start don't be offended by the title of this review, and if you don't know who Wilbur is he is a pig in the book "Charlettes Web".
Animal Farm is basicly a history of russia's government rule, how Karl Marx had this great dream where no one was poor and everyone was happy, (by the way Old Major is Karl Marx in the book.)
but of course it does not work out that way and slowly throughout the entire book how the pigs start running the farm there own way and eventualy the farm is, well, a communist farm.
This is such a good book to show the infalicies of man, anyone should read this book.

Social principles exposed in a 'once removed' story: Because the animals occupy key stage in this metaphorical/symbolic story of social power versus social corruption, it removes the defense barriers-- so principles stand out in the end.
If Orwell had featured humans for this message--it would have sidetracked us from the issue.
Animal Farm is almost a sosphisticated fairy tale with a powerful moral value; making its greatest power social statements made via animal's lives.

A Classic MUST read for everyone of all ages: This was one of the first book I ever read.
It is a great example of how writing can be sophisticated.
It is pretty obvious to everyone the satire that Orwell creates.
This really makes you think about politics and how it effects everyone.

not enough animals: Most people have completely missed the point of this book.
Animal Farm has nothing to do with communism.
Animal Farm is about the age-old question:
What would the world be like if animals could talk?
It's pretty straight-forward.
The only problem that I have with this book is that there aren't enough animals involved.
Animal Farm limits itself by only including farm animals.
I'd like to hear what wolves, bears, camels, and elephants have to say.
Hopefully Orwell will write a sequel to Animal Farm and include more animals.

Subtle Message:
Wow-
I was a little nervous to read this book, while at only 130 pages it is very unassuming...
after reading 1984 in HS, I was dubious of enjoying anything of George Orwells.
Perhaps I have grown up, or perhaps this is a much easier, and more interesting/intelligable read.
Either way, I enjoyed Animal Farm!Some parts I couldn't help but laugh at the subtle irony
, other parts got me thinking on a deeper level but all through out the book
I was curious where the story was going,
how it would end and what "the point was".
(I chose to read the Foreward, last, so as not to get any spoilers.)I think this was a great subtle novel.
I can see why it may be required reading in school, one of the reasons I enjoyed it was that it was an "easy", straight forward read!
Gets you thinking...that's always a good thing!

Animal Farm Review:
Once Upon A Time, there was a farm called the Manor Farm, and the animals on the farm are very mistreated.
One day, the animals rise up against their human masters, and establish a near-utopian society.
But promises of equality and plenty soon begin to be forgotten... until conditions are worse than they were under the humans.
A cautionary tale of the corrupting effects of power, George Orwell intended this to be a commentary on the depradations of the Soviet Union.
A very facinating book.

Mixed feelings: After reading Animal Farm I had mixed feelings about the novel
I was not sure if I liked it or not.
I do believe it is a creative novel the plot and storyline, but I do not find it very appealing.
I do not believe many teengers as myself would enjoy reading this novel.

Magnificent History of Stalinist Russia: When it comes to fiction books
I'm a bit of an opsimath.
I've arrived late to this party, and only because I read a study that argued that reading fiction increases cognitive capabilities.
I'm not sure if that is happening
but I am very much enjoying what I'm reading.
Animal Farm was a marvelous read, and Orwell is an absolutely phenomenal writer;
no pretense whatsoever.
I found his minimal use of adjectives refreshing.
The book is thought-provoking and excellent commentary on Communist Russia.
I've got several other books by Orwell on my reading list, and I look forward to them with great anticipation.
The famed Christopher Hitchens said there are very few authors whose collected works should find themselves on our selves, Orwell is one of those authors.

The Revolution of Animal Farm: When I read the book "Animal Farm", I compared it to the overthrow of Milosevic and the revolution of Yugoslavia.
Many things that George Orwell included in his book applied to Yugoslavia.
I think that all revolutions begin the same way, and that "Animal Farm" can be compared to all of them.
This book happened in steps, showing everything that happens during a revolution.
From the very beginning with the overthrow of a leader to the rebellions that happen later.
I know that in the future more revolution will occur.
Even though they'll all start at different times and places, they'll all start the same way, and they'll share many common characteristics.
"
Animal Farm" is a guide to revolutions, and even though it was written sometime ago, the storyline still pertains to revolutions today.

Not Free SF Reader:
Animal Farm is a dark satire, showing us what the author considers are some of the worse implications of communism and its failures, and human politics in general.
He uses a farm animal setting as the means to do this, as the various creatures set up their own class structures, leadership and indulge in repression and violence.

animal review: this was a great satirical view of communism by one, George Orwell.
i like the fact that you can read the story just for the story or you can look deeper into it and find the true meaning.
definetly recommended to anybody looking for a good, short read.

Do Men Understand What Is Meaningful To A Woman?
: Two experienced sex therapists elaborate on how to make a relationship fun and meaningful without feeling guilty.
I hoped that "The Married Guy's Guide to Great Sex" would tell me what I really want to know, but I'm not sure if I understood everything they were talking about.
I can't recommend this book to men who want to discover what brings pleasure and intimacy to a relationship if they need a marriage councellor.

Very Cute Frame:
I purchased this for my husband as a gift.
Its a great little frame.
We did our daughters hand print, and the molding was easy to do.

horrible experience:
I was so excited to use this, but found it very difficult to use.
I bought it about 3 months before I had my baby.
I opened it only to find the photo side frame broken ( I fixed it with glue).
Then the material was very hard to handle.
It stuck to EVERYTHING...
I'm not sure if I just got a bad bag...
we followed all the instructions...
overall, buy another product.
This was not worth the money and effort.
I got another kit at Target and that worked like a charm.

"Clay" does not hold imprint:
(Bought by Grandma, review by Mommy.)
We have done handprint and photo frames with our 2 older children and had no trouble with the "clay", but the texture of this clay was very different - more like a putty.
It was hard to push my child's hand into the putty, it didn't show the fingerprints (like the other 2 had done), and by morning it had lost most of the impression.
Since it wasn't completely dry, I tried the other side of the putty and pushed even harder, but within an hour most of the definition was gone.
We will probably go to a craft store to find some decent clay rather than attempt to work with customer service to get another batch of putty.

Great Bar:
This bar is reasonably priced and fits my needs perfectly.
Nothing bad to say about it.
I would recommend it to others, no reservations.

Wonderful baby video!
:
This baby video was wonderful - clear concise details on how to calm a crying baby.
As the mother of a two week old newborn, I can say that the suggestions have worked perfectly to get my baby to go to sleep!
We definitely have a much happier baby due to these wonderful tips and suggestions.

waste of money if you have common sense:
This DVD is such a waste.
All of the recommendations work, but theyre common sense.
Babies respond to closeness, comfort, and love-
wow.

useless: There is no magic to any of it.
When dealing with a baby you're dealing with random chaos.
This guy is a jackwagon making tons of money on some things that are common sense, and other things that are questionable.
Do not buy the dvd or the book.
The dvd is like home video and basically useless.
Use your common sense and consult your pediatrician.
And there is plenty of information online for free
that is more useful than this.

what the heck is this guy teaching: i must say i don't know much about babies being an adult physician but the methods this guy is preaching appear pretty scary.
he rocks the baby back and forth pretty vigorously, yells in their ears---not sure if anyone's done any long term studies to see if these methods are really safe.
even if in his hands they are okay, in hands of layman these methods could potentially harm the baby.

Must read for first time
Moms: A friend gave me this book while pregnant and I have to say as a first time
Mom having some ways to soothe my baby was SO helpful.
I found that he loved being swaddled, sleeping on his side and pretty much everything this book tells you to try.
A easy read and helpful.
Most importantly it debunks the myths of giving your baby too much attention.
No Mom wants to just leave their baby crying in fear of spoiling them and this gives you the confidence to stay at their side and love them through it.

This Video Makes Good on Its Promise:
Every new parent should see this video before their baby is born.
Dr. Karp presents a practical and positive approach to helping soothe a crying baby.
His method is easy, and it works.
I watched my daughter and son-in-law soothe their newborn after viewing Dr. Karp's video, and he quieted within moments.
Done in a very instructional but upbeat manner.

what a crock!
:
The book is written like the advice is magic.
Its annoying.
They could have just written an article on the suggestions.
Not worth buying, just borrow it from the library, skim the material and send it back.
Better yet, borrow the film.
You get the same out of it.

Good information, but not a necessary purchase
: I bought this DVD with the book to help me figure out how to help calm my colicky 6 week old baby.
I definitely recommend getting the book.
You could probably skip the DVD and just head to the Happiest Baby website to see the 5 S's modeled.
The DVD is good for learning how to swaddle correctly, knowing how loud to shush and how to jiggle properly, but again, I think you could find this for free on youtube.
Also, check your local library for a copy because once you see it, you probably won't have to watch it twice.

this should be called The Happiest PARENTS on the block: You will not regret getting this.
It's cheesy as all get out, but is efficient!
You may only use some of the techniques or you may need to use them all.
I have used this on two newborns now and it has not failed me.
It's a very loving and gentle way to calm a sad baby.
Many of the ideas are very instinctual for mamas
but sometimes we need reminders. :-)
naturally we want to rock our babies, say "shhhh, don't cry", offer them somehing to suck on and comfort them.
This DVD gives helpful advice on how to improve those strategies.
I love Dr. Karp and recommend this to everyone.
It will make your life in the early months easier, don't miss the window!

Works only if...:
We're using these techniques on our second child and it works.
However, it only works if you do them like the DVD shows you.
I've had friends that see the movie, think it's great, but somehow missed it when it came to applying it to their screaming infant.
Then they complain about what to do with their child, and say, "We just have to find what works".You have to figure out which combination of the 5 "S's" work, or maybe you need all them.
It varies on the day.
But if you do them like the DVD shows you, then it does work.
After all, the infants in the DVD are not acting.
Every one of them is screaming, and they stop!
They are all from different families and races.

Must See: We watched this about 2 weeks out from the birth of our first child and it was extreamly good knowledge to have on how to deal with your little one.

Excellent Resource:
Best $20 I have ever spent.
The swaddling technique is a gift that should be shared with all new parents.
Worked for us and now we get more sleep at night!

Excellent Knowledge: This book is a must buy for everyone who wants to know how technologies like EJB is implemented.
A tour de force.

The Rewind Button is your friend:
Okay, let's set the record straight.
This movie was in concept and script a very awesome choice for the average viewer, but some scenes were elegantly pulled off, and some were just pulled off.
The lead character "Josh" was a convincing complicated teenager (except if you read into it, you can tell that JRM is originally irish)and Matthew Modine is a beautifully acted older brother.
Now the I already told you that the actors were great and so was the script, but the scenes were jumpy and sometimes hard to catch.
Seeing the movie a second time is highly recommended, not only because the movie was wonderful, but to laugh at some pretty funny scenes (aka josh being pulled over by the chick cop).Overall?
Highly recommended.

The First Aid Companion for Dogs and Cats:
The book has a lot of info in it, but I guess I expected a little more -- all in all, it's very helpful and my daughter will love it.

Didn't work at all for me.
: As luck would have it, the day I got this bottle of Quite Defense, I was starting Day 1 of the flu.
I took it as directed, but I didn't get better any quicker than I normally do.

Seems to be Helpful:
I've tried a few of the Gaia Herbs products and feel that they are helpful.
I'm not 100% sold on this one yet.
It can be hard to evaluate something which is more geared towards being 'preventative.'
Still, I think the product has been helpful when it was taken at the onset of symptoms.
So, cautiously, I would say, yes it is effective.
I would want to try it again a couple of times before declaring for certain that it works.
I do think it was helpful.

Didn't perform as expected: Every time I get a cold, the first thing that relatives tell me is to take echinacea (and/or zinc) to prevent its onset.
I have tried zinc, which in the end proved to give me severe migranes and make me sicker than the cold itself.
But, I'm always willing to give natural cures a second try.
I thought this was the perfect opportunity to try out the Gaia Herbs 20-capsule Quick Defense that I received recently.
The Gaia Quick Defense has Echinacea, Ginger Root and Elderberry.
Supposedly, echinacea is supposed to be good at boosting the immune system, especially when fighting colds.
But it didn't work for me.
Unfortunately, when I took this at the onset of a cold, it did not stop my cold from developing.
In fact, I ended up losing my voice for a few days.
Sadly, my search for a better, more natural way to cure a cold continues.
Until then, I'll stick with my Dayquil and Nyquil.

a strong smelling perfume: A strong perfume , bad smells like coconut oil, would not buy this product again .
Will not recommend to friends and family

Not about Krishnamurti: It's a book about 'the light', whatever that means.
If you believe in spirits, magic, astral travel and all that mumbo jumbo, you will probably enjoy this book.
Otherwise, skip it.
It is not about Krishnamurti, there's not even one page dedicated to a discussion of his life or ideas.
I don't know why Mrs Blackburn put Krishnamurti's name on the cover if all she wanted to do was to write about herself.
Maybe she's well aware that with a more appropriate title, like "The Autobiography of Gabriele Blackburn", she wouldn't have found a publisher.

A lot of info poorly binded: I think that the book touches a interesting subject, but itself fails to be interesting or compelling to the casual reader.
As another reviewer mentioned the same book could have taken half of the space.
Dissapointed
but i still managed to plough through it ..

A little weak
: A friend sent me this book to read.
The author, Walters, seems to be of the self-help school and uses a lot of literary license.from page 1 of the book:....
Perhaps, then, that ancient saying should be amended to read, "The love of money is the root of all evil."Too bad Mr. Walters
Bible knowledge isn't as good as his knowledge of the Bhagavad Vita, because the Bible says exactly what he is saying "the ancient saying should be amended to say".(It says it in 1 Timothy
6:10)Like
I said, that was page 1
.....it kind of goes downhil from there.

Camel lites: I just saw this concert DVD for the first time (I've only been listening to Camel for nine months), and I have to say, I'm quite amazed.
The video quality and editing is top-notch, the band is tight, the mix is good (perhaps a tad keyboard and reverb heavy, but this was the 80s), and is a good career overview leading up to '84.Stationary Traveller is moderately represented, and while it's not my favorite Camel album, the songs turn out much better live than the studio.
Andy Latimer is the only original band member here, and plays guitar with an incredible amount of passion.
It's somewhat similiar to David Gilmour's tone on a few tracks, but a little lighter and faster at times.
He also provides the main vocals and occasional flute.
Total Pressure is an expanded version of their Pressure Points VHS/DVD, and includes several bonus songs (almost 1/3rd is new here) and an interview from 1984-85.Highly recommended for fans of either classic prog or AOR.
There's something to love for everyone.

Review:
This book helped in troubleshooting my problem but said absolutely nothing about how to fix it.

Cheap quality.
:
Hard to find a Red Baron plane.
This one is very cheaply made.
The wheels broke off the second day we had it.

Underrated: I have only been a fan of Rhapsody for a few years now and Only have heard Symphony of Enchanted lands 2 and Power of the Dragonflame.
I see so many reviews stating on how this band isn't the same..sound totally diff?
Well judging by the 2 albums I own..
This one is just as good and in a diff way.
I'm not an old school fanboy who likes nothing but old rhapsody
So I can't say how this is compared to the first 3 and 1 e.p
But as a music lover and Metalhead...
This album is good.

Huge disappointment: I own all Rhapsody records, but this one, what a huge disappointment...
Don't waste your money on this CD, all 13 tracks sound the same!!!!!!!
, it is like playing the same song over an over again, so boring!!!!!!.

Former teen princess goes all out techno
w/80's tune: Debbie really shows here that she can dance it up with the club scene of the late 1990's.
The remixes here are fine dance efforts.
But contrary to others, this collection of the same song remixed practically the same every time is not fierce in terms of club techno.
Madonna will always be the queen techno diva and while Deb did wisely use the obvious talent of Madonna pal and long time collaborator-Junior Vasquez, her ending results are fine.
Not legendary techno club music by any stretch of the the words.
I like these mixes
and i was thrilled to find them.
But they also fit into the category of typical top 40 hits putting on the techno mask.
The fit is fine,not spectacular.
Her mixes of "Losin' Myself" which were released only to club D.J.'s and which i have copies of are worlds better.

good stuff: i liked this album alot.
my favorite song is probably the kids.
it is deffinately worth buyin.

Trippy & Cool: Definitely a unique take on the Alice storyline, approaching it from a more literal translation of Carrol's actual book.
Some fantastic cameos type roles from great talent are scattered throughout, and visually it's pretty striking.
Definitely aimed more at the younger audiences, but worth a look for adult viewers as well, and fantastic stoner fare.
Worth a look!

Excellent:
Being a huge fan of Alice in Wonderland
I love this movie.
While it ads some of the Through the Looking Glass it is still follows the book almost perfectly.
I felt the characters were played well and the actors and actresses (mostly unknowns to me) fit their parts.

puppy music: I thoroughly enjoyed the earlier MT work "Face up in the Rain" and expected an even more mature and complex work in this offering.
I was sadly disappointed.
The entire work is in a single bouncy, happy, tiresome tempo with lyrics that I'd expect from a youngster like Jewel.
It's going in the
"to be sold" stack.
I'll keep "Face Up..."

A nice pasta machine:
This is a good pasta machine.
The price is very good.
The thickness is adustable although it is not metioned in the introduction.
It is not so good when the dough is very dry.
But for this price, I would not complain.

Duh!
: Don't waste even the $4 for this pamphlet unless you are a complete idiot.
Let's see - the best way to deal with clay soil is to cover it with over a foot of good quality top soil (at major expense).
Gee - I never would have thought of that!
I'm surprised that moving to an area with better soil wasn't a suggestion as well.

Hawaii 50:
I don't get the regular TV
so I do all my viewing on DVDs.
I started watching this because of the cross over with NCIS los angles Which I really liked.
I really liked how they got out of the cliffhanger from the first season and am looking forward to how they save everyone next season.

Crappy Quality: I first bought season 2 of Hawaii 5-0 from this company, then proceeded to contact them about the quality of picture.
They sent me another copy of the disc with the same quality.
Definitely not as high end quality as my season 1 is, which I bought brand new.

revueing the revue from Japan: I have played darts with and against Paul Lim in competition.
He is very good and a many time world champion.
In reading the revue from japan, I was disappointed for I expected much more of and instructional video on throwing darts and not an introduction to darts
and it's history.
There are good instructional dart videos out there
somewhere
but I am having a hard time finding them.
I will not purchase the video because I am looking for an instructional video from the pros on improving my accuracy, proper delivery and proper release of the dart.
I appreciate your revue from the viewer in Japan.
If I could have read the cover and browsed through the Book I would not have purchased it anyway.
Thank YouMurel Kee

Good for beginner
: We thought first part of video boring.
It explains history ofdarts.
Then, it shows a couple of beginner throwing darts.
This is a good part.
Because it illustrates how new people tend to throw.
We wanted to see more of game strategy and how you should play to win.

who will ever forget this song?
: a nice song fitting into the movie 'with honors'
, they go hand in hand.
i truly believe this song should have been nominated for an oscar but again, madonna was snub at the oscars.
it's well written with patrick leonard and will stay as one of madonna's greatest ballads.
gotta have this as there is an exclusive
why's its so hard live version as well as 2 other great william orbit remixes of this song.
truly a classic.

Does not work!
: I purchased this item to use with my ipod to connect to my a/v receiver via optical.
I qould have rated it better if it worked, but it hasn't since.
I will leave an update when I contact tech.
support at Belkin or Amazon.

Completely unfocused: Although there were helpful closing techniques within this book.
It was completely unfocused.
Instead of concentrating on the best closing techniques, it presented every possible closing technique possible and gives no direction to the reader as to which ones to choose.
I'm surprised this book has sold so many copies.

Peaceful: The flute music is very peaceful.
Sometimes flute music can sound dissonant or have quick & sharp note changes, but this CD set is meditative without any awkward moments.
The flute flows like a river: with slowly changing notes and simplicity.
It is like a soaring bird catching an air stream.
I especially like listening to this music during shiatsu (finger pressure medicine) or a good massage.

Superb:
Such a great anime collection.
Story is great with superb animation.
Keeps you in constant suspense.
Only downfall is that the ending was a little weak as if the writers were just hurring to finish the story,but not weak enough to take way from the rest.

Great Christmas gift
: This was an excellent buy.
I bought it for my 2 yr old granddaughter but my 5 yr old liked it just as much.
The five year old was able to follow the song book and the key chart , which thrilled her to pieces.
The bench was a little hard to assemble but its very sturdy and really cute..
Bought it in pink and love the colour

Great product: Beautiful little piano and easy to put together.
The stool was a little difficult to construct and required us to use a drill as the pre-drilled holes were not aligned.
Tats the only reason I gave 4 instead of 5 stars.

Fantastic Bag:
The quality of the bag is fantastic!
I'm using the bag to fit 6 LED par 38 uplighting cans with their tripod feet.
Yes that's right
, there's so much space in the bag, it fits the feet attached to the light!
I have only had it for little time, so I'm not sure how durable it is yet, but it really feels like great quality.

Boring Toy
: So far my 4 month old baby boy has taken interest in this toy for about 3 seconds, then his eyes wonder off for something more colorful and interesting.
He likes the feel of it in his mouth, but I have to literally put it in his mouth for him to even try it.
I think because it's white and small
it's just not interesting for him yet....maybe soon as he grows.

The Best Album of the Year: This is by far the best album of the year 2000. '
NSYNC has done an outstanding job on it.
If you dont have it, you should definitely by it, and Amazon.com is a great place to do that!

"
No Strings" won't make it far in this"Millenniuem"...
: I bought this CD in hopes that "No Strings Attached" would live up to all the hype that's surrounding Nsync right now...
man, what a disappointment it turned out to be !
This CD is nothing but a jumbled mess of wanna-be club songs and your occasional boring, over-done love song !
The entire CD sounds like it was intended to be played a middle school dance, so the 6th thru 8th grade crowd will really get a kick out of it !
Nice try, Nsync, but
NO thanks !
I'll stick to listening to the Backstreet Boys !

We Love It!
: Me and my daughter listen to this CD just about everyday.
It's upbeat and gets us in a good mood.
I think the tracks are better on this cd than the previous one that I thought they could never match!
This is music that a 7 or 35 year old can love.
Great job n-sync!

the best from N Sync: I really have never been into pop music at all, but N Sync has definitely prooved me wrong.
Listening to this album you can hear all the hard work that went into it.
It has a little bit of something for everyone.
You might not like all the songs, but there will be something on there that you'll like.
Their voices are now smoother than ever, the music is more fun....
this album is just a good buy all together!

Horribly Bad....
: Nsync's second album did not win me over.
Their mixture of rap and pop music sounded bitter instead of sweet.
It also sounded like their voices were computer enhanced.
That is not fair to many of the other stars...including Frank Sinatra and Elvis Presley who did not have these luxeries.
This is the music business at its all time low.
My recommendation is to avoid this album at all costs!

"
No Strings Attached"is
a hype cd
a must have for NSYNC fans
: I won the cd on z96 on sunday and got it
monday.the cd is totally awsome
BYE BYE BYE is so cool
and I love
"This I Promise
you" shows the guys have such beautiful voices and are so talanted.
i totally am amzed with the cd NSYNC has got the beat and are so in touch with their music.
The cd is so great keep up the good work NSYNC!
Stay NSYNC always!
*
Maria*

Ick: They certainly do NOT deserve all of this praise.
All of the songs are about emotions they never felt before and were written by PROFESSIONAL SONGWRITERS.
They say that 'Nsync wrote some of the songs so that all of you fans will THINK that they wrote them.
Anyway, these songs are nothing but the garbage you would expect to hear from a boy band(not even a band) like Nsync.
If Nsync were ugly, they wouldn't be here.

Please, couldn't this be 'No Screeching Attached'?
: I used to like NSync way back when their Disney Concert came out.
I stopped liking them around last March when I heard "I Drive Myself Crazy.
"
I since then have grown to despise the group.
I was hoping that with the release of this cd, they would improve.
After hearing the intire cd played on my local radio station, I came to the realization that they will never improve.
After hearing "Space Cowboy" I was on the floor with laughter.
It is dissapointing that with such young fans they have, they would write a song like "Digital Getdown.
"
So unless you are a hardcore fan who will not admit to the fact they don't have talent or appreciate screeching cats, don't buy the cd.

what?
:
What I thought N synk was where my dirty dishes were last spotted.where
are they.
I sure didn't clean 'em.

NSYNC RULES!
:
Yes, I am an 18 year old male, but I am not ashamed to say this CD is amazing.
It pumps out the beats like nothing ever before.
"
BYE BYE BYE" rocks even better in my car than on MTV, and "This I Promise You" is sweet and beautiful enough to make even the world's most badass guy cry.
This disc is the best thing to come out since KORN's ISSUES.

Say Bye Bye Bye to this CD:
I was sooo excited about this cd...
i have been waiting for it for like 2 years.....but now i want to gid rid of it....
it is horrible---maybe nsync will make another cd soonthe
only good song is bye
bye bye
and i'm gonna say
bye bye
bye to this cd and buy the single.

It's a great Cd, but........
:
No Strings Attatched is a great CD, but I think there should be more slow songs.
There are so many fast, up beat songs, it doesn't sound together in the whole CD.
For instance Digital Get Down has an awesome beat, but the words aren't meant for the little girls who listen to *N SYNC's music.
Bottom line: this is a more mature CD, meant for more mature people.

Bye bye bye
: I am soooo sick of hearing this song.
These boys arent as talented as some of you would like to think they are.
I bought the *NSYNC cd for my boys
and I could not listen to the whole thing.
I'm so glad that they like the Backstreet Boys better.
They have a great deal of vocal talent that these clowns cant touch.

Awesome Cd!
:
This cd was one of the best cds I have ever purchased.
My favorite song is "This I promise you".
The cd has a variety of songs, some are upbeat and will wake you up, and some will make you cry (atleast one of them did for me).
I would recommend this cd to anyone who is up for a rad experience.

Worst Cd i have ever had the pleasure of throwing in a River: I cant believe anyone would buy this manufactured garbage of an album.
They don't write their own songs, they dont play instruments, so in fact, what besides singing (and a bad job at it no less) do they do.
Dancing isnt an accomplishmen because music isnt about what performers do its about what you hear and listen to.
So please, i beg anyone that hasnt bought this garbage to realize what it is, and anyone that has it to use it as a coaster in the future.
Spend your money on something worthwhile that has some meaning and not just 5 guys pretending they can sing.

great music: I am tired of people saying horrible things about N SYNC.
They broke the record for the most album sales in one week.
We all have our own opinions but it all comes down to this- if they are popular they must be good.
Millions of people can't be wrong.
I do have a preferance between N SYNC and BSB
but I am not saying that BSB is bad- they are also very talented, as are N SYNC.
The more people that like a band, the better they must be.
I'll leave it at that.

A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!!
:
This cd is simply incredible, I am not a huge fan of pop music and would refuse my sister's pleas to stop bashing *NSYNC and listen to their old CD.
That was untill I heard "NSA" and it stunned me.
I love everything about this cd
and it was the only thing to come along in a while and take playing time away from my Godsmack CD.
I definatly recommend it to anyone that listens to music.
*NSYNC forever BSB never!

Suckiest Album of All Time: Everything on this albums sucks.
If I could have I would have rated it 0/5.
This isn't even music.
If you want real music listen to some Sabbath or ACDC.

Not Worth Your Money!:
First things first, I really liked NSync's first CD, and yes, you could say that I was a fan.
But their 2nd CD is a HUGE downfall.
It lacks originality and inspiration.
NSYNC seems to be straining.
NSYNC just don't fit the RAP/Hipp Hop image that they are going for (obviously).
The only songs worth hearing are BYE BYE BYE and THIS
I PROMISE YOU.
Other than that, stay away from this CD.Obviously, unlike the BSB who HAS TALENT AND ORIGINALITY, NSYNC is fan based by those 10-17 year old girls.
All NSYNC wants to strive for is to get a certain RESPECT and win over the BSB by album sells.
They will be remembered for their FAN-BASED album sells but not their TRUE TALENTS.
They have NO talent whatsoever.
If you want to hear some good music, check out Backstreet Boys' 'Millenium' or NSYNC's FIRST album.
They are much much better.
Only wild fans who don't care about the CD's content would get this junk CD!

AWESOME!
:
Nsync is awesome, and no strings attached finally shows all those music reviewers that they are wrong and that NSYNC will be around forever!
The new album totally rocks and NSAttached blows that dumb Backstreet Millenium album out of the water.
This album proves that the guys in Nsync are super talented not only as singers, but as song writers as well.
You definetly can NOT say that about some of the other "boy" bands out there.
"
This I Promise
You" is one of the most beautiful songs that I have ever heard and
the guys voices just SOAR on this song.....
plus there is the obvious GREAT song which is "Bye Bye Bye
" Everyone feels that NSYNC's music only appeals to teenagers, but I myself am NOT a teenager and I enjoy their music very much and think that they are extremely talented singers!
This album is destined to become a POP classic!

truly sets them apart from the other boy band...:
First..wow!
I kept hearing the new cd is suppossed to be edgier..
I have no idea waht they mean
..
and then I hear it..
wow..
first of all I never liked n sync, never even gave them a chance...
but wow...this i promise you is so sweet..
and it makes me ill...
the cd really shows them as the artists they want to be..
but i still never hear lance!
just beacuse
he's a bass..
argh..hehe..
but this cd makes you fall in love with five wonderful voices!

I thought it was gonna be good: I got up early in the morningto
get this cd,and I shouldn't have.
They said it was a growth it wasn't!
The songs are immater and so are they.
This cd was just a waste of my money

I used to like it!:
I used to like this album so much.
When released it had much publicity and it was pushed and pushed
and I loved "Bye, Bye, Bye" and "It's Gonna Be Me
" but two years later it sounds extremely dated and you cringe whenever you hear any of those songs.
This album sold 2.4 millions copies in it's first week and
understandably so but just like other boy Bands like New Kids
On The Block and the Backstreet Boys there music becomes dated and is only for nostalgia.
Now that the Teen bubble has burst, I don't think they will be around for much longer.

Almost: This cd was not quite what anyone expected.
1,2,and3 are ok
but the rest don't bother listening.
I read Justin's review and he said that they were proud of their acomplishments on this album.
I guess the public was just suprised at the styles of music they put on here.
I'd sugjest just getting used to the cd
then you can learn to apriciate thier hard work and dedication!

POP SUX:
POP BANDS SUCK!
THEY HAVE NO TALENT AND COMPLETLY REALY ON SYNTHESISERS.
POP SUX (U KNOW
WHO U ARE) POP SUX (U KNOW
WHO U ARE) POP SUX (U KNOW
WHO U ARE) POP SUX (U KNOW
WHO U ARE) POP SUX (U KNOW
WHO U ARE) POP SUX (U KNOW
WHO U ARE) POP SUX (U KNOW WHO
U ARE)ROCK KIXX ROCK KIXX ROCK KIXX ROCK KIXX ROCK KIXX ROCK KIXX ROCK KIXX ROCK KIXX ROCK KIXX ROCK KIXX ROCK KIXX ROCK KIXX

HELP!!
:
God, how I hate this awful cd!
It is totally digitally computerized...they don't even use real intruments!
It's all done by a computer.
N Sync can't even harmonize, at least the Backstreet Boys can do that--and they can do it very well and solid, too.
Where have you gone, Backstreet Boys?
Come and save me from this disgusting N Sync madness!
All the songs on this cd are terrible, with no meanings whatsoever, and "Celebrity" is even worse!
When will this terrible bubblegum pop music trend?
So far, 1999 was the best year ever because that's when the BSB were the biggest band around!
The Backstreet Boys need to come back to make another record that will totally blow away anything that N Sync's ever done!
Bye, bye, bye N Sync!!

Unbelievable Garbage!
:
Unfortunately, NSYNC is not up to par with the Backstreets thistime around.
Where "Millenium" had heartfelt (albeit corny)ballads brimming with beautiful harmonies, "Strings" is loaded with cheesy drivel.
Where the BSB had shallow but catchy dnace tunes, NSYNC has wannabe hip-hop influence that would be laughable if they didn't sound lie
they were trying so hard.
It seems like NSYNC wanted to broaden their audience with their second offering, as well as separate themselves from the Backstreet Boys.
Well they certainly have done the latter.
While BSB might be a manufactured teenybopper act, at least they sound good half the time.
NSYNC trys to act all down
wit'
it
an'
"
yeah, we cool...
the only comment I'll make is that Bye Bye Bye is a very good song.
The melody is great and does not get old.
The words are shallow as ever, but catchy enough that you learn to ignore them.
END

Crunked Up For The New Blbum: I am EXTREMLY impressed by the new album.
I went to the store half after midnight to purchase this album and listened to ths album for the following six hours.
N'sync has trulsy elavated to the next level with there
new CD.You see more of the arists flavor and personalities!They have long lost the sterotype of "the boy band".More of a hipper,up beat,and with a twist of a party mix!

youre_never_right can drink napalm:
[Read the following backwards to understand it]Os ouy era dalg Dime si daed?
Fi uoy t'nera gnikoj, uoy nac og kcuf flesruoy!
I hsiw nahtan elag tohs UOY daetsni!!![done]As for N'suck,
yeah, they blow.
Pop sucks!
It's all abut metal, industrial, [good] alternative, grunge, punk, and old-school rap.

if you like REAL pop AVOID this album!
: this album is by far the worst the group's put out :P and this isn't their best.
like courtney love said to mtv once " don't believe the hype" this album is a disater and the songs don't help.
all the songs are either about cyber or about breaking up so in other words if you like
REAL pop music get madonna,whitney houston or mariah carey.
this cd blows!
the album cover itself describes the music.

eecchhh bubblegum pop at its worst: gosh.
i cant express how much this cd sucks.
mindless, bubblegum pop just to make money.
i cant believe all of you that like them, you have no idea what true musicianship is.
it seems all you have to have is a cute smile and a mediocre singing voice to make it big.
in This i promise you, justin cant sing a high note worth crap.
wheres the other 3 people of the band anyway?
gosh.
there are such better artists.
yet n sync are the ones that are selling the records and its really a shame.
on the contrary to their cd title, there are strings attached.
they are puppets and its a huge marketing scheme, and 2.4 million people that bought their album the week it came out have fallen into it

No strings?
No stars!
: Why was this band even made?
To please teenage girls who have nothing better to do during school than daydream of their favorite N'Sync member and how they'd love to make out with them.
Oh please.
They don't even play instruments!
Their songs are upbeat and extremely ANNOYING!
If you want to buy a good CD, get a good band, like KoRn or Limp Bizkit, but please God not this.

*
N SYNC 'No Strings Attatched': This album is the best of their work!
Each song is packed with high energy and the ballads are well writen and perfectly sung.
They might not be puppets on a string, but they are sweethearts when singing 'This I Promise You'.Oh, by the way,
if somebody's tearin' up our heart, there's always
this emotion filled hit single 'Bye Bye Bye'!

Better than I thought: I would give it a 2.63 if I could.
Not bad, much better than Celerbetity.
Chris vocals are the best

`N Sync-Better than ever: I think these boys totally are #1.
They can bring us wonderful fast songs such as "It Makes Me Ill" but still bring us these touching slow love songs such as "This I Promise You".
They have really made a big jump and I love this album!

A Pretty Good Album: This cd was pretty good.
When I first heard "Bye,Bye,Bye" at the Radio Music Awards or something like that I loved the song.
I still don't think Nsync are better than the Backstreet Boys but they are no.2 to BSB on my list.
Well, this album is way better than their first one and there music is different.
"
Bye,Bye,Bye" has a great beat and "It's Gon
na Be
Me" also has a great sound to it.
They also have "This I Promsie You" and
"That's When I'll Stop Loving You" are great soft songs with great harmony.
I think this deserves to be at no.2 behind Black and Blue
b/c
it has great sound to it.
I'm a guy not a girl
so I look into music
not looks like some people.

The title says it all: Declaring oneself a fan of NSync is like loudly procaliming an allegiance to a specific brand of diet soda: you blindly and fanatically consume a product that is neither original nor satisfying.
NSync's music is flat, soulless, bereft of innovation or of even the slightest deviation from what their "fans" have been conditioned to expect.
Everything about this so-called band oozes corporatism, marketing, and overproduction.
The lyrics are formulaic, and each one sounds like it was written by a committee or, better yet, a computer.
There are few surprises here and even fewer real emotions.
The most ironic aspect of this album is, unintentionally, its title.
Every note NSync sings and every move they make is controlled by marketing executives.
They are as close to human puppets as you can get.

N'Sync Tried too Hard:
I really thought this was going to be
a good c.d.
,
but it really wasn't good at all.
They tried to come out with a harder edge, but all that came out was a bunch of white boys trying to rap.
I'm sorry, but it sounds like techno-pop and is not good at all.
Songs like "Space Cowboy" are stupid.
I have not met one person who likes "Space Cowboy" (even the diehard *NSYNC fans hate it.)
If I could return this c.d.
, I would.

this the best yet!
:
):
This cd is the best!
Once you have it and listen to it once you wouldnt wanna put it down.
Every song has it own beat and message.
No skipping need, every song is great!
I have alot of different cd but this played the most.
"
I thought she knew" is a great ballad, you would love!
Some of my favorites are "DIGITAL GET DOWN", IT'S GONNA BE ME", IT MAKES ME ILL",
JUST GOT PAID", "THIS
I PROMISE YOU" AND MANY MORE!
"
NO STRINGS ATTACHED
" SHOULD BE
A
MUST HAVE ON EVERYONE'S LIST!

Pretty Good: I must admit that before this album came out I hated NSYNC.
As soon as this album came out I got it and was very impressed.
The vocals are very good and most of the songs on the CD were great.
Although my favorite song on this album is
IT'S GONNA BE ME, there are a lot of great listens on it too like Space Cowboys and Just Got Paid.
So all and all this CD is pretty good.
Buy it, listen, and enjoy.
HAPPY LISTENING

Bye Bye Bye N'Sync!:
After hearing Bye Bye Bye I was quite looking forward to buying No Strings Attached, thinking that such an impressive first single would indicate an impressive sophomore album.
Just goes to show you you really CAN'T judge a book by its cover.
N'Sync takes the term "sophomore slump" to entirely new levels.
Overproduced, overprocessed, and utterly unlistenable.
They might've broken BSB's record for first week album sales, but I know what true talent is.
And it comes in the form of five men named AJ, Nick, Howie, Kevin and Brian.
Enjoy your 15 minutes of fame JC, Justin, Joey, Chris and Lance.
Your days are numbered.

Nsync.....
wow
: I have been an Nsync fan since they started.
There was a lot of hype about this album,
so I was very excited when it came out.
As i listened to it, i was impressed.
This is by far their best album.
Believe me, even if you are an Nsync hater, you won't be dissapointed with this album.
I'm glad they have have decided to add a little R&B/Hip-Hop edge to it.
It makes the album a lot better.
I think this one tops the charts, way over BSB.

AWESOME!
:
Well, I haven't ever liked pop until this cd came out.
It is the best!
My favorite of course, is the #1 selling Bye, Bye, Bye.
N'sync put a lot of talent into this cd and it really shows!
If you are wondering whether to spend your money on this cd or not, say YES!
I know you will not regret it!
This is the cd of the year 2000!

Great CD, N'Sync Are Maturing:
Every teeny-bopper band for kids like us has matured.
They found their own style and their own type of music.
N'Sync is also maturing.
However, we love them more than ever.

Terrible: No real musical talent, typical bubble gum pop.
Very disappointing.
I'd heard so much about what talent these guys had compared to the Back Street Guys, who are only a shade better.
My advice is stick to the classics.

The apocolypse is upon us: My little sister insists on putting this in the car whenever I drive her around, and to be frank, it is the most worthless arrangement of sound in the history of modern music.
Don't get me wrong.
I get the whole boy-band craze.
But 'N Sync are so bad
, it's comical.
One minute, they're heartfelt lovers crooning "baaaayybee" and
the next minute they think they are RUN DMC.Besides the lame lyrics, and the "over" singing, this album suffers from way too much on the production end.
It's almost as if the managers of NSync knew that the album was lousy, so they tried to add as many background tracks as they could just to make it interesting.
It didn't work The result, is a pre-fabricated collection of boyband-itis at its worst.
I never thought I would ever say this...but this is one CD that would actually make me reach for the BackStreet Boys.

When did The Spirit J*ck*ffs ever make a record?
:
Triple H: N'SYNC should be called XTINKT!
Shawn Michaels
: You got that right Triple H!
Triple H: Is it me or does Justin look like Kenny of The Spirit Squad.
Shawn Michaels:
Yes and he sounds like him, a wuss who would get beaten up by D-GENERATION X!
Triple H: Also, Bye Bye Bye and It's Gon
na Be
Me are as bad as eating a rotted tuna fish sandwich.
Shawn Michaels:
Also, Steve Miller should sue these losers and Left Eye's estate for stealing Space Cowboy from him!
Triple H:
What next, Bratney Sneers calling herself The Gangsteress of Love.
Shawn Michaels:
We don't have to worry about XTYNCT anymore as they are disbanded, especially after Lance admitted to loving things who had last names like Clark, Cheney, Embersol and Parry.
If you are not down with D-X, WE GOT TWO WORDS
FOR
YA(crowd yells "S*CK IT!")!

this cd stinks:
my sister has this cd and i decided to give it a try.
it was the worst cd i have ever listened to.
the music is boring and repeated and the singers sound like there 10.
if u like junky music, buy this cd
but if you like quality music dont.
i wish i could give this 0 star

Blah.
: I don't care what's on the album, Nsync is probably the worst band ever.
I'd like to talk to the incomptent imbecile who writes songs for them.
They sound like girls.
Maybe they are girls.
If you want some good music, try Bob Dylan or Steely Dan or the Beatles
(yes I really am a kid).
Even Nirvana's better than Nsync.

Not a fan but the album was OK
I guess:
I have to admit, I am NOT a *NSYNC fan.
I am a Backstreet Boys fan, but the new album from *NSYNC was OK.
I thought some of the songs were pretty catchy, but I thought that the guys tried a little bit too hard to try and beat the "other" boy bands.
To tell you the truth, I would rather grab a BSB album and listen to that, but the *NSYNC album is OK too.

WOW!
: wow!is the only word that can describe the cd.
i am listening to it now
its slammin the vocals are da bombiest.its
totally different from there first album it has party music on it and the ballads are breath taking.all
i can say its the best its better than backstreet boy's cd milennium.they sound so different this cd takes them out of the "boy band
" category.lisa left eyes lopes from tlc raps in it that just adds to the experience of buying the cd.
all i can say is its"THE BEST CD OF THE MILLENIUM"the cd in slammin if you don't have it you should buy it
you won't regret it.enjoy everyone!

True staying
power- face it!
:
Nsync deserve way more credit than the overaged critics are giving them.
No Strings Attached is a perfect mix of ballads, mellow jams, and hard rocking beats.
So you say album sales mean nothing?
Then what the heck are they for?
If it was any other artist other then a "boyband," it would respected by all to go Platinum in one day.
One opinion from a critic is suppossed to speak louder than over 3 million sold in 2 weeks?
Try again.
Sit back and actually listen, instead of judging ahead of time.
Nsync will be around for awhile so get used to it.

hurry up
*nsync, you still got 10,000 more miles.
: Enough with this, this c.d. is totally makes me ill
and it is a digital letdown.
People are just making good reviews so they can help
*nsync out.
Look at the critics, most of them gave it bad reviews and I for once agree with them.
If it is still a boy band fight it is gonna be them who is breaking up first.

Not non-stick: Not pre-seasoned ("durable black enamel finish (no seasoning required)" from the description) either.
It's big, heavy, and holds some serious heat.
We bought this to get away from a telfon coated pan.
My wife convinced me that it shouldn't stick, but pancakes are a real challenge for the first few (even with the use of oil).
For all other items, this is a nice pan, and the green adds a splash of color.

Everything sticks to this pan!: I have a lot of Le Creuset items, and I love them all except the two frying pans, this one and another 9".
Everything sticks to them!
It's just hopeless.
Super difficult to clean too.
I wish I could return them.

Story is a quick read, however...
: This story is a quick read.
I started it noon on a Saturday and finished it Saturday night.
I liked the romantic and career dilemmas of the novel but one thing irritated me.
The characters fell into it sooooooo quickly.
There was NO anticipation or strained anxious moments because they started off in the novel already pretty hot and heavy...even with only knowing each other and hour and some change.
If you can get past that little point
it's a funny mindless read for a nice afternoon on the deck or on the beach.

Way way to predictable and sweet: I found this story to be a bit to predictable for met.
It is one of the early romance stories by Sandra Brown.
If you are used to her suspense stories this will be a let down.
Blair is a dancer who had injured her knees and moves to a small town where a former dancer friend of hers lives.
In this town she meets her landlord and a romance blooms....
This refers to the abridged audio tape version.
It may be better in book form
it seemed way to predictable in this form.

Cute story:
Heaven's Price is a very funny love story.
Of course, it has a predictable ending, as some reviewers have mentioned, but it's suppose to.
It's a romantic comedy.
It is really sweet and will keep you laughing if you have a sense of humor.

Ron Raines' Dreamy Baritone is terrific!
: This is a very good collection of baritone classics from all time favorite musicals.
Raines voice has a velvety quality that is easy to listen to, and his attention to phrasing is quite refreshing.
I highly recommend this cd.

Pleased as Punch: Thank you for this lovely CD.
It came sooner than expected and the quality is as it was listed.
I really like this new artist.
Lynn

better than the first book: I liked this one better than the first book, At Home in Mitford.
The story lines in this book seemed more compelling, more interesting.
Father Tim deals with the long absence (most of the book) of his neighbor, Cynthia, while she writes her new book in New York.
He also deals with Edith Mallory, a recent widow with her sights set not only on the rector but on a well-known Mitford establishment too.
Sadie Baxter tells more of her interesting life stories while she arranges for the long-closed ballroom in her house to be fixed up for the wedding of a relative she didn't know she had.
And the man in charge of construction of the new Hope House seems to be quite a rough old sourpuss.
The usual charming cast of characters is back and if you liked the first book, you'll like this one even better.

Another gem from a true Cuban master musician: Finally music lovers from all over the world are discovering wonderful Cuban musicians as Mr. Valdes.
If you enjoyed Buena Vista Social Club you will enjoy adding this recording to your collection.

Latin Jazz at its Best:
Bauza's Tanga Suite, and other tunes by equally skilled composer/arrangers, are sensationally performed by a Latin jazz big band.
The percussionists develop incredible rhythms, the trumpet section is screaming, and the trombone solos had me dancing and laughing.
It's been said that Bauza created Latin jazz--in 1943--while blending his native Cuban music with the burgeoning bebop that was transforming jazz at the time.
This album, recorded almost 50 years later, proves how enduring and exciting the music is.

perfect: I also found the 3 7/8 inch fits perfectly into a one pound coffee can that I used for making Perogi, it makes it more comfortable than the ruffled edge.
Very well made, and the size is printed on each cutter.

Poor warranty coverage: This cookware is supposed to have a lifetime warranty....if you can get anybody to cover it.
The manufacturer says to contact the distributor, and the distributor is unresponsive.
Pretty expensive cookware that doesn't hold up as it is supposed to do.

Truly Non-Stick!
basically the Superman of frying pans: First off, i'm in my mid-twenties(frequent burner) and i learned about these scanpans at a cooking class.
The instructor was like "has everyone heard about scanpans?
Chefs are going crazy for them because they REALLY don't scratch"then he let us use the pans with forks and other metal objects without fear.
He probably does that 3 times a day, 7 days a week.
That sold me.
My experience has been exactly the same.
I whip eggs, then scramble them with the same fork without worrying about scratching the top coat.
Very happy....

Science + Superstition =
Nonsence:
I cannot believe this man is a professor at Stanford University.
I was looking for a book that would present a scientific explanation for unexplained phenomenon.
This book is pseudoscience and superstition from a mind stuck in a christian paradigm.

Nice start: While I didn't care for how overwhelmed the good-guys seemed all the time, I did enjoy the actual story.
One problem...
A 14-15 year old boy is going to react differently to a woman than he did.
The character seems much less mature than he is.
It's more like he is a 9-10 year old than a teenager.
It was obvious that the author intended something happening between the Cursor and the uncle, but the way that the boy reacted to her was wrong.
He would have been embarassed about being around her, but he would have been attracted to her too....

A rough start, but still very good:
Like the first Harry Dresden book, the first few chapters of this book are a little awkward.
The dialogue and descriptions do not flow well, at first.
DO NOT give up on the book picks up and comes together quickly after that awkward section.
If this series is anything like the Dresden series, there shouldn't be anymore awkwardness after this first book.

No Practical Value.
: I buy books that include trading strategies source code that you can apply and trade, books like this have no practical value.
If the author have BS comouter science, he should be able to write the source code.

Utterly Useless: If you have a colicky baby, don't waste your time or money on this book.
I only gave one star because the book might be helpful for the 80% of people with "common fussy" babies.
For the 20% of us with the real fussy babies, I agree with the reviewer who says it would be better to spend the time sleeping than reading this useless book!

A masterpiece!
: This is so great that it should be considered holy and is very much so for myself.
The entire album is completely professional down to the beautiful cover art.
I can't do much justice in writing about this other than if you like blues, hip-hop, jazz, avant garde, african rhythms, soul or better put music in general
then this is for you.
The title says it all and backs it up with originality and legitimacy that has rarely been surpassed.
Simply put,this is top notch beauty regardless of genre.

husband loves it: My husband asked me to get this for him while he was deployed.
He was glad to get it
and it was exactly what he was expecting.
Nice size.
Not too big and not too small.
He has never had a problem with camelbak products.

Very few funny scenes.
Completely nonsense.
: There are very few funny scenes.
It's completely nonsense.
For example, there are scenes with American Idol's judges commenting the Spartans.
After 30 minutes, the jokes dried up.
Then, it's become very boring.
It's still better than Scary movie 3 and Date movie.

Atrocious: Here I am, still naive... always hoping to find the next "Airplane" or being mdoest, something as the first "Scary Movie"...
This movie is atrocious.
Yes, I knew what to expect from comedies based on other "serious" movies.
Yes, I'm prepared for cheap and old jokes, for body fluid jokes, whateveer.
What is was NOT prepared for was the obvious contempt the producers of this thing had for their audience.
This movie is beyond bad and mean.
It's almost a tragedy.
Yes, I lost the whole 60 minutes (plus 10 of the closing credits) of my life watching it (at least I did not watch de extras!)
Even being only 60 minutes, I could not stand it, I could not laugh (ok, I admit, one or two times I laughed - mainly in the "auto-theft" video-game scene).
I only watche it till the end because that's what I do in movies.
Shame on everyone involved in this piece of junk.

No people!
NO!
: You may think the 1 star rating is for the movie.
No!
The movie gets no stars.
The 1 star is for the people who gave it 5 stars.

You'll have a swingin' good time!:
Finally, an album that kids and their parents can enjoy together!
The uptempo numbers are fun.
The ballads are cute, but a little loungy.
Overall, a good party album with a retro twist.

As long as he's singin': This is a great one!
I recommended to any rockabilly/swing fan.
Each song has a unique personality and it's jumpy tunes and the amazing guitar sounds make this album great.
It seems like everyone's having fun in this album and you can't help but feel happy too.
It sure makes me want to get up and dance!

Setzer stays true to the Big Band and Swing sound.
: ...Big Band is all about loud brass and swinging rhythm and no one in this era
does it better than Mr. Setzer and his outstanding orchestra.
Gwen Stefani from No Doubt lends some incredible vocals on this album.
If you get a chance to see this group live....TAKE IT!!!

Not so good:
Why all the good reviews on this CD?
Are you all brain dead?
The production on this CD is poor.
It says the Brian Setzer Orchestra, but about all that can be heard is his guitar and voice.
Why even have an orchestra?
I listened to this CD several times then traded it at a swap place for a Zoot Sims.
Very nice CD which I have listened to a zillion times.
There is a god.

Nice try Spayed Cat.
: I bought it, I listened, and put it on the bottom of the CD rack.
I prefer the Louis Prima version of Jump, Jive, and Wail (found on Ultra Lounge).
Brian's efforts and intensions are good, but his overuse of his six strings is overbearing.
It sounds like there is a decent band behind him, and you hear it occasionally, but way too little.
His rockabilly sound is good, for rockabilly, but it doesn't fall in my definition of swing.
Try Voo Doo Daddies and Royal Crown Revue for something closer.

Give me a break!
: Why bother with this album?
Brian Setzer is neither an inventor nor an interpreter of Swing.
Just a hungry musician looking for a hook.
There is so much original Swing and Big Band music available that I wonder why anyone would need a 90's re-hash.
It seems like just another cynical marketing ploy by a bunch of record producers.
They're always trying to repackage music from another era or country and promote it as the next "new" fad.
I suppose they made some money off it, but this fad crashed faster than the Hindenburg.
I suppose that this album might appeal to twenty-somethings who have little knowledge of real Swing and want to look trendy.
What's next Brian?
How about remaking Red Army Drinking songs and promoting them as the next craze?
Na Zdarovia Komrade!D.Olney

The MOST FUN you can buy for under $20!!!
: This is the best album I've heard in years.
Of the 3 BSO disks this one is on top (with the first one a close second).
Since I got this disk I've been getting to work in a GREAT MOOD!
My favorite is THIS OLD HOUSE, but the whole album is terrific...
I envy Brian Setzer - he's doing what he loves, making money at it, and it sounds like he's having a BLAST!

Really Awesome!
: I love this CD, it gets me going in the moring and sticks with me all day.
The blasting ensemble rocks!

One of the best fighting games I have ever played:
Well I have played this a lot lately, and well what can I say this game is a must-have for your x360 collection.
This game is hard, I mean the normal setting is hard, and learning to play will be a pain if you have never played another DoA game.
But that's what really makes the game fun, to be able to say that you can finish history mode or even time attack without losing once to the boss...
that's just great.
Overall is a great game and I recommend you get it
, there's still plenty people playing on Live and well for the price
this is one of the best purchases you can make for you
x360.

The Shrug:
There's nothing really wrong with this movie, but there's nothing really great about it either.
It's just kinda there, like vanilla pudding.
There are some decent jump scares throughout, but
other than
that it's pretty much your standard haunted house story.
Except this one's set in Japan, a choice which I cannot understand at all.
It made all those gaijins stick out like sore thumbs
and I kept wondering what Ted Raimi was doing in Japan.
The writing was sophomoric, the acting was uninspired and the direction felt like a Japanese director doing an American version of his original Japanese story.
It ended being the cinematic equivalent of Yoshinoya Beef Bowl.
Not Japanese or American enough to be any good, it takes the worst elements of both and combines them into a $2.99 Teriyaki Chicken Meal.

They should have passed on the sequel: While the remake of the Japanese version was mildly entertaining and scary, this sequel is just a poor excuse to wring out more money out of the public.
The story has so many holes in it that you feel like you are watching a movie while dozing off and waking up -
you are constantly asking yourself, what just happened?
The filmmakers were trying too hard to create suspense and intrigue with a non-linear flow to the story (Memento, Fight Club?) in which they fail miserably.
Save your money and rent the original Japanese version if you haven't seen it already.

Nothing to Get Scared About: This movie is alright.
It has it's moments, but really isn't that scary.
I don't understand why the movie even had to take place in Japan and star someone like Sarah Michelle Gellar.
Anyway, I'm glad I didn't pay $$$ to see this movie.

Simply put, it stinks:
It's predictable, no great story, and just plain boring-
I fell asleep every time I tried to watch it, and then this morning I got it out and made myself stay awake to watch
it-
I should of slept-
my dreams have better plots to them...
To me, it just didn't keep my interest...
I like movies that have scenes you don't expect- original and not similar to other movies..
I give it 2 stars just because I got some much needed sleep...
Buy this movie if your having trouble catching some zzzzzzsss...

scary:
I thought this was a very scary movie for only being PG-13.
There is not a lot of gore its just a very creepy movie all together.
Sarah Michelle Gellar does an excellent job as well as Bill Pullman.
The movie is well written and is executed to perfection.

That's The Grudge, huh?
: This was not very good, in my opinion.
The Ring scared the bejeezus outta me.
This was not scary.
Two weeks afterwards, I still find my mind wandering about one thing...why the heck didn't they just kick that little boy in the head and send him accross the room?
If I walk into my house and see a half-naked boy meowing and hissing at me, I'm gonna flip him over my knee and give him a good spankin'

It just does not measure up: To the original Grudge that is.
The first movie I thought was very scary and down right super freaky in some parts.
This movie does have a few parts that are are scary .
But I must stress the word (few) very brief and far in between .
The movie is only about 90 minutes but it feels so much longer because of a slow story.
I will also agree with some of the other reviews that say that this movie recycles too much of what was seen in the first movie.
That about sums it up .

scared stiff:
Saw this in Theatres and was scared stiff!!!!!!Just looking at the cover gives me the shivers.
If you find horror hilarious, you'll be laughing through the entire film.
If you find horror horrifying, use the washroom before watching.
;)

Dreadful film: Having watched the original Japanese Grudge 2
I didn't think it could possibly get worse
but nope, the American version even beat that one.
A pointless plot that goes nowhere (The same croaking female ghost with disjointed body movements, the little boy with the large eyes that turns into a cat every now and again and the mad ex hubby thrown in at the end (That is, if you can be bothered to watch that far, personally I was busy tidying up the living room by that time))For some reason the director of these films seems to think viewers are going to be scared out of their minds by a Japanese woman with large eyes and a hair loss problem which sadly (for him at least) they are not.
Not even throwing in a majority American cast (Even though the film is set in Japan)
Is going to convince the audience.
Avoid at all costs, there are far better things to be doing with 2 hours of your life.

Thin on plot and chills: This movie was a big disappointment.
I should have learned my lesson years ago that I should ignore the critics and pay attention to moviegoers reviews on online sites.
This movie has about two pages of plot which is dragged out for a full length movie.
It isn't scary.
The creepy atmosphere gets tedious as the plot doesn't move along.
The supposedly scary moments are old hat and just get boring with repetition.
A loser.

The Grudge 2:
Aubrey
*Tamblyn) travels to Japan to bring her sister Karen (Gellar) home after the events of the previous film.
While there, she gets drawn into the mystery of the house and, along with a reporter (Chen), goes on a quest to find out the truth behind the ghost Kayoko's anger.
Also in Japan, three girls enter the house on a dare, and bring a bit of the grudge out with them.
Finally, in America, a distraught girl returns home to an apartment complex, and strange things begin to happen.
All of these stories are related, and come together somewhat unsatisfyingly in this unnecessary sequel to 2004's "The Grudge".
The story is weak, and the acting is nothing impressive.
The ending almost certainly guarantees another sequel, this time more close to home.
Anything creepy from the previews in tame when seen in context, and that means that "The Grudge 2" fails as a horror film.
Stay away from this stinker.

Grudgingly: I'd watch it again, but it's not something i'd waste money on.
I'd see it, just for a good story, but borrow it from a friend or somethin'.

would...
: I would give this 0 stars if I could but amazon doesn't have it available.
This is the WORST movie EVER.
Stupid and retarted.
This movie is NOT even worth a rent.
Don't waste your time.

Very Scary!!!
:
My name is Tucker Pace and this movie is very scary.
I saw it yesterday
and I'm already starting to have nightmares.
Buy this movie and you won't be sorry.

This is a "Ju-on" rip off!
:
America can't do nothing original they stole the idea off of the chinese great success in their movie (Ju-on).
This film has a paper-thin plot, barely makes sense, shoddy-looking special effects, overused flashbacks, lackluster performances, and ultimately makes "The Ring" look like a masterpiece.
Bill Pullman was grossly underutilized, albert scanty screen-time was written that way in the script for him.

A good movie to rent...
: When I saw The Grudge for the first time, I had some expectations, because my friends have had seen it...
Well, the 1st time, they were almost right.
It is like the typical suspense movie, like The Ring, but it isn't an excellent movie either;
the 1st time you watch it, you scare...
the 2nd time, you scare too, but the 3rd time, you know what is going to happen, so it's not scary anymore, and that happens with almost all horror movies.
One thing to avoid this and to make movies really scare you, you have to watch it at night, all alone, and with all the lights off.
If it's possible, watch it when it's rainin'.However, it is a good movie, and also original, but it's very similar to The Ring in some parts.
Can I give you an advice?
Don't buy it, just rent it.

A barely there thriller:
The Grudge had its share of jumpy moments and freakiness.
But the actual story is somewhat dissapointing.
People enter and house and get mysteriously killed off one by one.
Ok, sounds interesting.
But in reality, it was on the slow side.
I just couldn't bring myself to care about any of the characters, and I think that weakened the movie for me.
The premise is interesting, but it just didn't deliver.

Still Confused: There has to something in Japanese movies that I don't get.
Thinking of The Ring and The Grudge of two movies that I don't understand at all.
When I read about the movie, it sounded promising: young American woman residing in Japan with her boyfriend.
She is temporarily assigned to be a caretaker for a woman with severe sleeping conditions.
The house is plagued by the presence of murderous ghosts, the result of a curse.
The curse is born from someone dying in a powerful rage.
Seemed interesting enough
but I was wrong.
It's almost as if there should have been a prequel to this movie.
I don't even know if I'd recommend it or not...
I'm still confused.

Anyone for coffee and a boggle?
: I LOVE boggle.
I am not really any good at it, and I lose A LOT, but I LOVE boggle.
This little carabiner has proven to be a fun, portable, play anywhere addition.
The timer clicks into place very securely, so I haven't had any worries about losing it.
And while I like the non removable lid, I have to agree that it would be MUCH better for game play if it were clear and sans boggle logo for better visibility.
(That's the only reason it lost a star, though I would have preferred to take off only a half star.)All in all for the money spent
it's been great.
I'm now known to play a few rounds at coffee with the girls, or at night when the kids are in bed, (it's MUCH quieter than the original.)And even without using it for game play its a super cute conversation piece.
:)

These digital binoculars are a nightmare!!!!
:
DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM...
you would do better just throwing you money out of the window.
I was so excited to take some distance pics and tried to upload to my computer (XP)
and then i got a message "device not found" even though I had loaded the software.
Well, then I went to the bushnell site and went to the trouble shooters section where i found instructions on how to load the more updated drivers...
well that didn't work either....
i spent over 3 hours fooling around with this stupid set of binoculars...
now, i am ready to throw "them" out the window.

My Secret Life with a Sex Addict: After I read this book I really disliked Emma Dawson for not protecting her daughters.
Especially when one of the daughter was being raped.
She has made so many excuses for herself and expect God and Man to forgive her.
Well Emma, I do hope you are in a better place today.
Frankly I think you are horrible.
I do not recommend your book to anyone.
It is a waste of time and energy.
Anyone who wants to read this book I would recommend that you listen to some good music or see a movie.

Smooth: I got this album after hearing 'Swear It Again' on the radio.
Their voices blend very nicely to create a smooth sound.
This album is wonderful because I can listen straight through and not have to skip any song (every song is just as good as the next).
Very impressive...

Westlife Rules!
: In the great tradition of the best boyband in the world, BOYZONE, WESTLIFE's CD is one of the friendliest sounding around today.
Wonderfully written songs and all round great vocals.
It's hard to imagine that Westlife will not make it big in America.
Every track is a great listen (maybe even the some songs that shouldn't be remade).
Best tracks are "Fool Again", "We Are One", "If I Let You Go" and "Flying Without Wings".
Too bad the North American version is missing "Seasons in the Sun
/
I Have A Dream" (their credible remakes), "Moments" and
"Try Again".
In the American scene where great bands like 'N Sync and BSB tear up the charts with their slick numbers, Westlife is an appropriate counterpoint to these bands by delivering the sensitive, honest songs that they do.
Doesn't hurt that they are really cute too...
Absolutely FABULOUS!

I really gave 4 stars on it
but they have no much airplay.
: I only heard "Swear It Again" on one CD,but no airplay on it."Swear
It Again" is one of my fav.songs for 2 years ago,but no much airplay,be sure to care some more breathless on it."World
Of Our Own" is on the COAST
TO COAST cd has amazing lyrics,great vocals,and good words on it.
I like "Fool Again" on a radio twice when i'm in Ireland,or you'll pick empty music-CDs on 30 set package CD.If ya
buy some more pop albums like Dido,Jennifer Lopez,Aaliyah (the late),and you buy WESTLIFE to hear some great songs on a radio.

Luscious environments, excellent mix of rhythms:
Thought I'd write a review of Lumin's Datura...
It's hard to classify this cd into any categories, as the sounds heard on it range from drum-n-bass beats with symphonic style string pads (synth) overlaid, to Eno-esque (ambient eno)
slow moving sound scapes, to Dead
Can Dance (Sorry for the never ending comparisons) with the added benefit of a female vocalist on some tracks.
This is the side project of one of the members of Stella Mara (sorry all names escape me at the moment) and is a damned good electronic foray into luscious sound environments.
The vocals are well done in the arabic style (again sorry if I am a little general in the style) that Lisa Gerrard of DCD made semi-famous (to us westerners anyway).
The only problem with this title is its lack of follow up effort!
Where is the rest of your music Lumin?
Still trapped inside?
Let us hear some more.

LCD Screen Failed - junk:
The idea is good - nice to have an alarm and a thin remote wire that allows the oven door to be kept shut.
HOWEVER, After using this product half a dozen times over the course of a year or so, the LCD screen failed.
For a while I could sort of guess at the temp based on the remaining segments of the numbers, but finally tossed it in the garbage yesterday.
This is not acceptable.
There are plenty of other options.
No more Polder products for me.

Worked great while it worked...
: This thermometer worked very well, but suddenly started registering a minimum of 117 degrees at all times and could not be fixed.
Considering that it was safely stored in its place when it happened is disturbing.
I used this thermometer only about 10 times.
For the price, I would have expected it to last longer.
The idea is sound, it was extremely useful, but, not worth it for such a short life span.
I never even used up the first battery.
Back to Taylor thermometers for me.

Don't buy this!: this thermometer works great for a few months then suddenly conks out on you, for no reason.
mine worked perfectly (and accurately) and then after being in storage for a few months, the LCD display suddenly won't work right.
i used fresh batteries
so i know that's not the problem. too bad, because it's relatively quick measurments made it double quite nicely as an instant-read thermometer.
ugh!
now i gotta find a new thermometer!

On to number 3....: This is a great product.
My first one lasted almost 2 years.
I dropped it and it broke the leads to the LCD display.
Although it still worked, the temperatures were not fully displayed.
So I bought another one.
I used it on my grill for steaks.
It worked great, then thanksgiving time came and I got the typical "hi" reading when the probe was plugged in and the "lo" reading when it was removed.
Needless to say I went back to my old fashoned meat thermometer.
Does anyone know if this is a probe issue?
In any case, after reading the reviews, I see that this is typical.
I would give this product five stars but Polder sould give a much bigger warning about grill compatability and work on reliability.
As an engineer, I know the reliability issues can be fixed.
If anyone knows if the hi/low issue is just the probe, let me know so I can buy a new probe.
Eric

Awesome!
: I love being able to use my metal utensils...
this pan is CRAZY durable.
As a restaurant manager the only thing keeping me from having nothing but Scanpan in my home is the price (we restaurant managers tend to be poor.)
Seriously though, it's worth it!

12" Scanpan: Scanpans are the best non-stick pans available.
Ceramic/titanium is just as non-stick as Teflon, but since it's not a coating there is no flaking, and metal utensils are okay to use on it.
It even gets seasoned over time, unlike Teflon.
Had the 8" pan for a few years and loved it, but now the 12" is the most used pan in the kitchen (it's HUGE).

Best Fry Pan!
: I have been searching for a small non-stick fry pan that heats evenly and has a safe non-chip surface and this pan is exactly what I wanted.
I just love it.
The manufacturer recommends hand-washing and that is what I do - cleans up quick and easy!
Highly recommend!

You'll sing along to it!
:
This cd is full of VERY good quality music that my kids LOOOOOOVE and I love singing along to also.
We are addicted to it.
It's totally worth the buy!
If I could delete 2 or 3 songs on this cd, I would have given it 5 stars.
We also have another Elizabeth Mitchell cd called "You Are My Little Bird" that you should get, it's just as good if not better.

Author fails to provide evidence for his claims: The author has tried to shed light on a great story but has failed to provide evidence for his claims.
Though I do not doubt the performance of some of the IRIAF units in 1980s, it is not enough for the author to just state stories/gossip as fact.
Can not recommend this book if you're seriously curious about F-14 combat stuff with the Iranians.

Not Factual:
A weak book written by an annonymous author of some unknown origin claiming to be an expert on Iranian Air Force whose [...] forum is the cesspool of anti-Semitism and rants by Jihadists.
This awful book is only based on rumors, Iranian regime's official stories and some other lies told to the unknown author by, again, unknown people whose names are withheld..
One of the weakest books of the Osprey series.
Not Recommended!
Of course, it is also a bad publicity for Osprey when it allows Anti-Semites to write books.

Great starter set: The price on this set is excellent, normally you pay quite a lot just for the glass lid.
With this bundle you basically get the pot for free compared to buying the pieces separately.

Poweverful war thriller
: It is a great book, much better than the movie.
It showed the brutal side of war and human darkness.
I was totally absorbed by it.
In fact, I finished in 2 days.
However, after I finish it, I am a little bit disappointed not only by the ending, but also the auther's gloom portrait.
Definitely the author made his point on the hopelessness and waste of the war.
But frankly speaking I was looking for a more upbeat picture.
Anyway, a great book!

Good Value!
: A nice assortment of sizes, shapes and color.
You COULD pay three times as much for parchment leaves with more realistic coloring at another housewears site, but I found these very acceptable.
And the price is the best I've found.

Same old song and dance:
I bought this album looking for their new album with the song
"hey there delilah".
My mistake, this album is nothing like the song I was looking for.
This albums songs sound like every other recent punk / alternative garage band album that comes to mind in recent history.
Each song strongly resembles the previous.
Rerun after rerun.
Repeat after repeat.
Save your self the money buy the single from the other album.

Every Businessperson Should Have This Book:
While memos have been replaced by e-mails, the "rules" are the same.
This book provides key information on how to write effective memos/e-mails.
The book presents model memos, both strong and weak, and helps illustrate the importance of writing concise memos.
I picked this book up from someone who was throwing it away, and it has proved to be invaluable in helping advance my career.
When bombarded by e-mails, messages that are not clear are simply ignored.
My father is a retired english professor, but he could not write an effective memo to save his life.
Memo writing is a skill, not an art.
I would encourage the author to offer a second edition called, "Send Me an e-mail.
"
The content is still relevant today.

Review of Wizard's Convention 2: Good songs by great performers.
A nice collection of songs by all-time stars such as Mike d'Abo, Chris Farlowe, Tony Ashton, John Lawton or Denny Laine.
Not forgetting Eddie Hardim himself

A new Travis McGee fan?
: I recently overheard someone saying how much they enjoyed the Travis McGee books
so I searched out the first-in-the-series at my local library.
The copy I ended up reading was about the most worn out, dog-eared, common pocket book you can imagine.
Some how it was quit fitting.
The Travis McGee character is unique and appealing to probably both men and women readers.
Kind of a Han Solo guy but wiser and more mellow.
The author's writing style is more inventive and engaging than typical; the pace varies from silky-smooth to rapid Rainman word association.
Creative with word combinations.
Maybe not always grammatically correct (?) but the intended feeling and description shines through every paragraph.
Interesting plot.
A unique villain easy to despise...
you can't wait for him to get his comeuppance.
You'll have to read it to see how it unfolds.

Fantastic!: This type of music is so soothing to one's ear.
I just bought the CD and have listened to it every day.
I find the CD quite different from song to song.

Eye Opening: I was hoping for techniques to help me move beyond the areas in which I always seem to get stuck - stalls, put-offs, long sell cycle, no budget, disinterest, etc.
Instead, I found that these events continue to plague me because of me; my discomfort talking about money, self-limiting beliefs, what Kurlan calls Non Supportive Buy Cycle and my tendency to become emotional.
Well, it's been several months since I devoured this life changing read and my results illustrate the impact that this book had.
I have shortened my sell cycle, increased my margins, eliminated the stalls and put-offs, my sales are up 432% over the same time last year.
I have not incorporated a single new technique but I have dramatically changed the way I think about selling, my part in the process and my expectations as to what should happen.
No longer do I feel like I am resigned to wait for outcomes because I now control my own destiny.
Thank you Dave Kurlan!

Mindless Selling:
Finally, a sales book that offers compelling information in an enjoyable, easy read format.
Dave Kurlan shares a wealth of his knowledge and helps put it into perspective with "real world" situations.
His concepts make sense and provide readers with information they can use immediately.
I would highly recommed this book to anyone in sales, sales management or to a president or CEO interested in raising the bar.

excellent rating is AAA++++: I Have both the original album & the CD too.
This is one very enjoyable CD.
I listen to it all the time in the house or in my car I play it whenever I get the chance.
It reminds me of what all the GI'S went through over in Vietnam, & any of the other wars too.
God Bless all the GI'S

Vietnam for the whole family!:
Saigon prostitutes, heroin addiction, suicide, mowing down farmers with bullets, thousands of bags full of corpses being shipped back to the US, thousands of wounded men coming back crippled, yes the glory of Vietnam lives on in this wonderful album!!
Let it be known although you may have lost a family member or loved one, they died so many great Hollywood films could be made about the conflict in the 80s!
YAY FOR THE USA!

My first and favorite Widespred Disc: I was blown away by this CD the first time I heard it about 5 years ago.
There is a groove on this disc that I can't get enough of.
If you have no exposure to Widespread or want a good place to start, this is the one.
This disc will just make you feel good all over.

Great Album!
: I really like this WP album.
It's probably my favorite one, and as a fairly new WP fan, I urge new WP fans to get this one.

Everyday: I am a Widespread Fan and believe in supporting artists by aquiring there products legally.
This has been a great addition to my collection.
Speedy delivery and a "fair price"Thanks,Timothy

More than an erotic novel.
Hold on to your copy: This book is basically soft pornography in a western setting.
Hold onto your copy because it's hard to find and expensive, I suppose due to the fact that erotic lesbian novels are not the kind of thing republicans like to brag about writing and it may have been held back from press, hence not a lot of copies are out there.
Personally I find that rediculous, and it hasn't stopped a few from getting out anyhow.
There's some sexual violence and lesbianism running throughout the story, but nothing terribly shocking.
I suppose if you like soft porn or lesbian stories, with a touch of violence, and the old west, you might enjoy this tale.
It's only worth buying for the political hypocrisy value, not as a crafted piece of literature imho.

More classic ADF!
: If you liked Rafi, you'll really like this one.
ADF strikes again.
Their latest albums, Punktara and History of Now are great.
This album is from 2008 so the sound is a little less polished but the tunes are great- check out Fortress Europe.

Avoid this product!
: This is NOT an instant read thermometer.
It took almost 20 seconds for it to read the temperature of boiling water, and then it was a degree off.
It is also very hard to read the display.
I'd go for one with the display window flat on the top, instead of on the side.

A shame to the name Animorph: This like its predeseres is an insult to the magical books.
The books were great this wasn't.
Gone is the intense action and fights the book described.
Now we get garbage sneaking around.
The andalites are very fake and are never showen all at once.
No taxxons at all.
The hork bajar just stand there.
Gone is the witty smart acting of the books replaced by total garbage.
Read the books and stay away from this.

Read The Books: Here is my positive and negitive lists.
Positive:
Good Acting, Good time passer.
Negitive: weak special effects, bad alien voices, toatlly different from the book, visser three looks dumb.
All in all this was the best of the four, but they do weird things, like they find ax in the forest and Cassie
has long hair in some episodes and short hair in others.
I suggest you read the books.

Spectacular:
Absence of the Good is definitely a thriller.
If you like movies that keep you on the edge of your seat.
While keeping you in suspense then you will love this one!
The plot was wonderfully done, and you will never guess who the killer is and will leave you saying WOW!

The Very Best Non Stick Cookware: After nearly 20 years of use our scanpan developed a chip in the non stick surface.
We contacted scanpan about this and sent the pan in.
To our delight we received a brand new scanpan free of charge.
If you want the very best in non stick cookware buy a scanpan, not only is the non stick finish extreamly durable, easy to clean and use but the company stands 100% behind their products.

Helps get things moving: I can tell a difference.
I have tried several different products to help with digestion/ BMs
and I like this one the best.
It claims to reduce gas and that is not the case for me, but it does help to get things moving in a relatively mild way.
Shop around for the best price, I saw a few sellers listing outrageous prices.

45degree offset: received crank arm with 45 degree offset.
information on item does not state this.bought from bikeworldusa.
they were not helpful with my problem.

Complete letdown.
: I read this book expecting that it would be as entertaining as the first book by the same author.
It started off reasonably enough, and held my interest till I was midway through.
Suddenly, though, it's as if the author hit writer's block, or just decided he couldn't be bothered to think anymore.
A series of ludicrious plot twists later, the book abruptly ended.
It really was abrupt - a bunch of trails led nowhere, a ton of strings left dangling, bizarre twists to the story, and a completely nonsensical end.
I don't think I'll be paying for anymore of Mr. Mathur's books for a while.
I'd recommend reading this book if someone pays you well to do it -
otherwise your time is better spent doing anything else.

A little dissappointing: My daughter and I love to study about animals together but we find this cd a little boring.
However, it will come in handy for looking up specific information about birds ,for school projects, or home study.
It is worth $[money].

Beautiful Book:
This is a really lovely telling of the Christmas story.
The intricate paper cut-outs of six Christmas scenes along with a one sentence description of the scene are so well done that I bought a copy for myself as well as for the daugher of a friend of mine.
Highly recommended.

So Sloooooooooow: I really can't begin to describe how slow the transfer rate of the Lexar firefly is.
The transfer rate makes it nearly unusable for anything but a few small files.
It can take literally HOURS to transfer 500 MB if it is a bunch of small files you are transferring.
It is a little bit faster with fewer larger files.
However, I recommend looking for something else.
I am very disappointed with my purchase.

Spin City for Fools to Believe!
:
Amazing how there are literally thousands of news articles (at the time of Edison) and after, more then a hundred books about his genius & entire personality, that anti semite garbage was debunked by historians (Yes Henry Ford was) by a major Edison project at Rutgers University, yet this one book proves that all (yes all) are wrong!
Guess you can 'fool' some of the people,
some of the time, sure ya can see the other reviews.

Cake Bible
: This is a wonderful book for experienced and inexperienced cake bakers alike!
I learn something new from each recipe I try.
I especially love her conceptual approach to baking, by explaining the whys and hows of why we would use a scale versus a measuring cup or why you may want to brush your cakes with a flavored syrup, she really opens your eyes to concepts that I've blown off in the past simply because no one had taken the time to explain why this works over that.
It's just so insightful and such a good read that I find myself using this book like a reference book, so
it's my new Cake Bible.

Second use malfunction:
The second time I used this thermometer it malfunctioned.
I was making yogurt and put a lid on the pot and I guess it messed up the probe wire because about an hour in it started reading really high temps.
The instructions say a 1 year limited warranty
but you have to pay shipping both ways.
Is this a defect or user error?
If I send it back and it is not considered a defect
I'm out the shipping costs and still no thermometer.
The cost to purchase a new probe is almost as much as a new unit.
No fun.

DIDO! on Eminem!!!
: I would just like to let you folks know that DIDO's track called "thankyou" is the original version to the popular rapper EMINEM's song STAN.
DIDO's CD is great, help her become a platinum artist by buying her CD; NO ANGEL.

Less inspiring than Sarah McLachlan and more insipid: Okay.....my father likes this CD.
To give you an idea, he like Alanis Morrisette and Iris Dement.
This CD is unoriginal and uninspiring.
It sounds like a cross of Sarah McLachlan and Portishead minus the inspiration.
Personally, i liked "Thank You" when i heard it in Eminems "STan" but when i listened to the actaul song, it sounded lackluster and bereft of any cohesive mood or musical value....
it switches from morose to happy, with not much reason, like a typical pop song.
She might have amounted to something better, with her wonderful voice (which is either just very similar to or a rip-off of Sarah M.).
The instrumentation is sometimes interesting, but they don't play off of it enough.
The songs are catchy, but in the bad way.
All in all, i wish my father didn't have this CD because i *really* dislike the songs
and they always get stuck in my head....
So, I think this music is a perfect CD for people who like *average* music.

"
A hypnotic wonder, a rare musical treat": Hopefully the music of Dido is soon discovered by the masses.
Her wonderful melodies and light techno-dream sounds are brilliant.
This album grows on you
and you just can't let it go.

Simply amazing!
: I always believed that Dido sounded like a cross between Sarah McLachlin & the Cranberries (both excellent as well),so when Thank You was released I had no idea that it was by this wonderful new musician.
I never picked this up until I recently heard Don't Think of Me in a downtown Chicago store.
The reviewer whom called this song weak is crazy ... this is the most wonderful song on the album.
Every song here is excellent ...
Hunter & I'm No Angel follow.
Pick this up for an 52 minute long period of brilliance.

Refreshing, beautiful music!
: I listened to this CD in a CD store and absolutely loved it.
She sounds like Sarah McLachlan, but in a more exciting and transcending way.
I recommend this CD to everyone!

looking for some help....
: I haven't bought this cd yet...
but I have to give the song
"Here With Me" 5 stars because it's so wonderful.
I'm actually hoping somebody will contact me and help me in finding out whether this song I've heard is by Dido
and if it's on the album: I heard it on the fantastic tv show "Roswell High"
, I think the song was played on either the second or third episode of the first series and these are the only lyrics I know: "I just want to feel, safe in my own skin, I just want to be, happy again"So if anybody reading this knows the song please let me know who it's by and what it's actually called.
Plus anybody who wants to buy this album you should buy it because everybody who has it, say it's fantastic.

A wonderful sound: Many of Dido's songs emphasize her voice, and therein lies her strength--her choruses are beautifully harmonized and have a wonderful understated strength to them.
It's easy to liken her to Sarah McLachlan, but some of her songs have the slightly groovy touch of Morcheeba, and a couple (especially track 3) remind me of Mono with vocals that are slightly more ethereal than the previous two.
If you listen to any of these three performers, you probably won't kick yourself too hard if you bought this album without listening to it first.

I love it I love her!!
: This is a grat album, In my opinion is beautyfuly performed by Dido and produced with great style and perfection.
It is a breath of fresh air in world full of nonsense comercial music .I
just love it and love her!!!

PERFECTION:
I first heard "Here with me," on the radio about 2 months ago.
I was really drawn to the song.
So, I called the radio station and they gave me her name.
Later that day, I searched many sites on the internet getting a bunch of reviews on the album.
I am really sceptical about getting a CD for just one song.
But, all I read was good reviews.
I purchased the CD and I am just blown away.
If you like Sarah Mclachlan and Beth Orton, get this.
She has the voice like Sarah, and can write as well as Beth Orton.
I play the CD everyday since purchasing it
and it is perfect.

Simply beautiful.
: Words wouldn't do justice to this CD.
I've had it for several months now
and I never tire of it.
Frequently a CD is bought just for one song (Perhaps Roswell's "Here With Me" or Eminem's sampled "Thankyou" in this case?), but here is a CD where you can enjoy it start to finish.
I don't really like reading reviews in which Dido is compared to Sarah McLachlan or other singers, because they're all young, female, and talented--so what?
Dido has her own style, and it is absolutely incredible.
Buy this CD, because I can assure you, you won't be sorry!

Haunting: This a beautiful debut cd from Dido Armstrong, who has appeared on tracks of her brother's trip-hop band, Faithless.
I recieved No Angel last Christmas and love it a lot.
The album opens with Here With Me, which still gives me chills whenever i hear it.
(this song also happens to be the main theme for the show Roswell)
Hunter is the latest single that is one of those empowering-girl-i-don't-need-a-man songs.
my lover's gone is one of the most beautiful heart breaking songs i have ever heard
and i'm surprised it hasn't been used on a movie soundtrack yet.
i love the song thank you, even though it is overplayed.
isabel is a very sarah maclaclanish song that i like.
so all in all, this is avery girl cd that makes you want to say
, i'm happy with who i am.
peace ;)

No Angel....
perhaps
but she 's an Angel voice: I ordered this CD because I had heard the song
"Here With Me" on the show "Roswell" (first season in France).
This Album is very relaxing like Lene Marlin.
I heard th first song ('Roswell') and I begin to fly... until the last track.
This album quickly became my favorite to wake up ,and all time on the day.
I'm interested to see her in the future....

Fresh new sound!:
Love it Love it Love it.
You can't help but love this album.
Dido has done a wonderful job on this album.
Her voice is sweet calming and relaxing.
The top songs on this albu, are:Here with me,Hunter,Don't think of me,All you want and Thank you but eventually all this album is perfect and worth the money

Dido is amazing: She is the most refreshing artist to come out.
I find that no matter how hard I try I can't bring my self to change cds.
Originally I bought the cd for the song Here with me.
But now you could play the whole cd all the way through
and I would never get sick of it.
I just can't wait until she comes out with another cd!

Perpetually Relevant
: I found this book used.
It is the best find I've made in years.
The chapter on Good and Evil is incredibly compelling in our age of boundless evil.
The chapter on youth is pitch perfect even 40 years after it was written.

Decidedly Underwhelming:
This book was prepared as a companion to a History Channel series and it has the depth and detail one would expect from a television program.
As some of the other reviewers have noted, there are sporadic factual mistakes, but the greater shortcoming, to my mind, is the lack of much to say.
The factual issues discussed are pretty much common knowledge to anyone having much familiarity at all with military history (or history in general) in the Twentieth Century.
Worse yet, the insights and commentary provided are little more than unimaginitive "conventional wisdom.
"
I had some suspicions about this book being of a mass market paperback quality, but I picked it up because it was one of the first in .mp3 audio format.
This proved to be a mistake as my first concerns were conclusively proven correct.

Self Promotion:
The author is very biased and introduces theories by other thinkers in strongly negative terms before 'attempting' to 'explain' their views in a coherent way.
This book is not so much about Mysticism in my view, but the self promotion of the Dogmatic limited philosophy of Ralph Inge.
By 'mind-reading' what he believes some of the great thinkers' motivations were and dismissing them as ludicrous makes this a very hard read, full of negative and depressing words.
Open minded books with insights into true Mysticism and Gnostic realities for those seeking to understand and learn are plentiful and this book should be avoided.

Very interesting.
:
Interesting book and if you are interested in anything like this you will love it.
I was fascinated by it!

journal:
I love this journal.
I looked for along time for this book.
I will use thisas my own journal also.
Marianne Shinmon mshinmon@cox.net

I wasted my money: As I mentioned in the title of this review, buying this book was a waste of money.
Fortunately, it was not a waste of time, because I read the book in about 45 minutes.-This thing is a "book" for the only reason that it has a cover, and was printed by an irresponsible publishing house.
It is the product of a weekend of sloppy research on the Internet.
The whole book is just a copy of pages and pages of articles found in the web, placed together without any analysis or sense.
It is actually an 85 page pamphlet inflated to 174 pages by the trick of printing the text at double space.-What a waste of paper.

Interesting
: This has an early Carbon piece on it that is worth listening to.
I don't think the performance is worth much, but the Hommages are fascinating because you can hear what his influences are.
He's matured as a composer
but I listen to this piece once in awhile and really like the piece.
The other stuff on this album is pretty bad.

If I wanted the Vatican"s opinion on the subject, guess whom I might ask??
: This one was so bad that I took a loss in order to be able to return it and get it out of my house.

Probably the best you can expect from these guys: If you were to only buy one Kottonmouth Kings album, this would have to be it.
Altough in my opinion
it has alot of filler
songs(songs not meant to be great but good enough for hardcore fans).
This cd best represents the group and acts like an introduction into their type of genre.
Songs which are the most notable are as follows;Sleeper- A fast-paced intro into the world of suburb-pop-punk-hip hop which this group seems to engulf itself in.
Rest of my life-
A classic stoner tune in every aspect.
Even if you don't smoke weed, you'll catch yourself singing along.
Strange Dayz- A great example of how KMK can get down lyrically with a hard hip-hop flavor.
Tangerine Sky-
My personal favorite, call it ska, punk, or even hip-hop.
Something about KMK can appeal to just about anybody.

KoTtOnMoUtH KwEeN
sAyS..
: I am a true Kings fan from O.C.
and I thought that this album rocked.
They didnt sell out and go pop for MTV.
Did you see them on MTV
cuz i didnt
and they do what they feel
and they like.
I thought the album was [great] and it pushed up to the kick[in] five star standards of all the other albums.

A different sound: This is a different sound for the kings but still is good.
There are a few songs with great guitar riffs and some retro sounding melodies, which i really seem yo like.
(Rest of my life, tangerine sky, waking dream)
They still got some hardcore hip-hop stuff too that is also
is great
..u got it all the punk, rock, rap, hip hop.
Thats why I love them so much they are not just stuck to playing one type of music they vary their style and really expose you to many types.
Go Buy this CD
you'll be glad you did.

I'm a rockabilly gal, and this just doesn't click with me:
I love Brian Setzer's music from The Stray cats up to his recent Christmas cd, but this is the only cd he's ever done that I can't can't stand, no matter how much I want to like it, it just makes no sense musically or in any way what so ever.
Why would Brian add hip hop and techno and rap to what could have been a timeless rockabilly swing cd, go figiure, skip this one, and get his Christmas cd, or the Dirty boogie...
I find that a record is really bad, when I can't even take a sip of my martini, and not be able to enjoy
it's refreshingly cool taste...
This is not one you'll be hearing at one of my famous west Covina coocktail parties anytime soon...

Setzer doesn't rock, he hits rock bottom!
:
This attempt by punk-rocker Brian Setzer at becoming a big band leader, is pathetic.
This CD is a "must stay away from" disc.
Setzer doesn't know the meaning of the word swing.
Listening to this CD one would think that Brian Setzer doesn't even know that a Louis Armstrong or Benny Goodman ever exhisted.
In fact Setzer's only obvious influences are Elvis and Mitch Miller(Of Sing Along With Mitch in the 50's).
This is just hillbilly muzak, or as todays listers would call it rock-a-billy, which is only so much muzak.

Glenn Miller is rolling in his grave...: If Elvis had recoded Pennsylvannia 6-5000 in the late 50's, it would have sounded someting like Setzer's horrible version.
Glenn Miller is surely rolling in his grave every time it's played.
Brian Setzer shouldn't be allowed anywhere near a recording studio, his music is offensive to people who listen to swing music, he mocks swing and jazz,
anyone who had the least respect for swing wouldn't mock Glenn Miller that way.
It sounds as though Setzer went out of his way to make Pennsylvannia 6-5000 sound as cheezy as he could make it.
Setzer is a talentlass goof off.
If you want some real swing try the following artists.
Benny Goodman, Don Redman, Mora's Modern Rhythmists, Jelly Roll morton, King Oliver, Louis Armstrong.
But please if you have any respect at all for swing, don't buy this clown Stzer's joke of a CD, an insult to swing.

oh boy, this should never have been released at all!:
This is a disaster from beginning to end, with tchno, rap, and hop hop, but it doesn't swing at all.
Beware swing dancers, this is not a good cd like Dirty Boogie, thsi is a bad cd, Setzer was going for a commercial hit, and he flopped, this really should never have been released.

This doesn't have the song from the Gap commercial: The name of the song is "Jump, Jive & Wail" and it's on his previous cd THE DIRTY BOOGIE, it was originally recorded by Louis Prima with Keely Smith, Sam Butera & The Witnesses, on the classis LP titled "THE WILDEST.
"

Vavoom:
BSO's hi-octane music is unique in that it matches the rebel sound of the Gretsch guitar of Brian Setzer with the big band sounds of the forties.
Brian has a voice on par with the best who sang with big bands all the way up to Bobby Darin.
The band itself is made up of crack studio musicians.
I believe that the true test of a great band is to sound to same live as they do on a CD.
These guys won't disappoint!. If you don't tap your toe or bob your head to this music you may want to have someone check your pulse.

The worst swing cd of all time:
Buy thsi if you want to laugh, like a loon!!!
HEEEEE HEEEE HHEEEEEEEE
He does Glenn Milelr songs and adds, rap, hahahaha ,and it's rap that is insulting to people who liek rap, it sounds liek
it's making fun of rappers, really cheezzy stuff.
Buy his latest live cd isntead, but skip thsi one please!!!!

Perfect: I purchased this item with my credit card points, because I was not sure if it would be a good use of money otherwise; now that I have one, I can say it would definitely be a good purchase.
The set is great to look at and makes me laugh.
You can pick up a shaker at a restaurant supply store for under $4.00, so it did not bother me that one was missing in this set.*side note - the wmf sticker was extremely annoying to remove from the top of the holding tray.

Naked women in urban decay: I actually returned this book after thumbing through it.
Unfortunately, it is just the photography of one man, and not a compilation.
Unfortunately, he has a defined theme, contrasting beautiful women with decaying urban settings, which grows very stale.
I found a few photographs to be very artful, but overall I felt they worked more-so as landscapes than as nudes.

Minister looking for Stories for Christmas Eve Service: This was perfect for my needs.
It had accounts of all the tradition carols that my congregation sings on Christmas eve.
Those in search of the history of non religious songs and spirituals should look at Christmas Songs in America, another excellent collection of stories.

Mr. Cynical takes a stab: I think i read this book about five years ago and the only thing i can remember about it is that someone called Buddy shows off his arse accidentally when he loses his swim-trunks.
Grow out of R.L. Stine, people!
There's a whole world of, um, better stuff out there.
Like sleep.
And hayfever tablets.

Perfect Kit for my Jeep:
I was surprised by the quality of the tune-up kit.
It was very nice and everything went in very easily.
I am not a mechanic by any means, and I was able to install the tune-up get in about 30 min.
Pros:
*
One box, everything you need.
*
Parts are good Quality for the Price
*
Everything Fits perfectly* Nice Spark PlugsCons:*No instructions so be prepared to Google locations of your Fuel Filter etc.*Oil Filter
Isn't anything great, but gets the job done.
I install this on a 91' Jeep Wrangler.
Everything fit to perfection, and it was a very simple install.
Would buy again!

The best car wax: I bought this wax as a present for my Godfather.
He is a car detailing junkie
and this is his absolute favorite wax!
As always shipping is fast with Amazon Prime.

Long distance cycling
: It only took me a couple of trips on a bike to discover I wanted to go further.
I am setting goals and making them so I am looking at what else I need to go even further.
I am not super fast
but I seem to have distance.
This book address some of the needs and challenges to such rides.
I am really enjoying it.

Looks Good To Me!
: I hesitated to buy this map after reading one of the reviews, but I am glad I did.
It is perfectly fine, detailed but not too large, on durable waterproof paper, accurate and pretty easy to use.
(There is now a 2007 updated version, but the 2003 version I have is still very accurate.)
The map IS to scale, with mileage marked in kilometers on the routes.
My only reservation is that the system used to note kilometrage is a bit confusing, with km between minor points in small numbers and km between major points in larger numbers.
It takes a bit of doing to decipher in some places.

Ehh...:
This book is far too repetitive in each section.
Basically, the author comes up with a good idea, presents it in the form of a chapter, then dilutes it with redundancy until you realize that you've just read the section's title in as many shapes and forms as possible.
I'm moving on to other manly books... next up: 100 maxims of manhood, the modern gentleman, and the modern lover!

Enhance , embrace and love your male self: I am still reading this book and will hate for it to end, as it is very insightful and helpful for me in my relationship.
I have read many books that speak to these issues but in mystic, ancient and overly poetic phrases.
David cuts to the chase and makes his point to the psyche of the American (but not limited to) male and female.
David uses real life situations that we all experience in the life of a relationship.
I often find myself pausing and reflecting on the valuable information shared in this book.
I highly recommend this book to men who truly love women and want to continuously grow in a new redefined male identity.

Incredible book, highly recommended for all men:
I got a lot out of this book.
It is very challenging to practice some of the things that David proposes, but definitely an enriching experience.
This book is probably one that I will refer back to in the future.
Highly recommended.

Too "Foo Foo": This book had some interesting points but the overall theme was not for me.
I felt that it was too sexual and feminine.
I am glad that it works for others but did not help me.

Educational:
This book I had to read for a Sociology course I was taking.
I thought all the stories within were so interesting.
It basically sums up that depending on your race, class, and family life can change a child's overall life.
I thought it was an interesting read and was extremely educational.

Wonderful exploration of this authorship theory: This is a fantastic read.
Anyone interested in studying the various authorship theories of the Shakespearean works should definitely read this book.
Written by a physicist, well versed in the development of theories, this book presents Edward De Vere, the 17th Earl of Oxford, as a very viable candidate for having been the true author of the works of Shakespeare.
Mr. Anderson very clearly lays out the life of this troubled man and easily shows how each step in the life of De Vere eventually made it into the plays and poems of Shakespeare.
In my opinion De Vere as the author is the only convincing theory out there.
Many others, including Mark Twain and Orson Welles, have come to this same conclusion.
Any student of Shakespeare ought to have a copy of this in his/her library.

WOW:
I was so excited to see that these books are still in print.
I have ordered all of them for my two sons.
I can not wait for them to arrive.
I have the fondest memories of these books.
I remember lauging at how The Brain would get in trouble, but yet his parents always loved him.
Unconditional love, the silent treatment and all.
These are great books
and I look forward to sharing them with my children and some day grandchildren.
Thanks Amazon for making my day!

Not loud: This is my second purchase of this product.
My wife tried to clean the first one and ruined it.
It worked quite well.
The replacement (about 4 years later) was not as loud as the original.
It required fewer batteries, so my thought is they remanufactured it to be more energy efficient.
Unfortunately the new alarm is significantly quieter rendering it essentally unusable.

Dead on Arrival: When our old Polder timer started losing it's mind (constantly resetting itself), I ordered a replacement.
The new one showed up dead on arrival.
No display or anything.
Too bad -- we kinda liked our old timer.
The new product is extremely poorly made, with very cheap plastic and other flaws.
We're returning it and looking for a substitute.

Great while it works: This triple timer is really terrific, however, as noted elsewhere, it stopped working after about 8 months of use.
Freezes when you try and set a time higher than a few minutes and you have to take the battery out to reset it.
After a month or so of that, the removing of the battery no longer helps and it's useless.
Too bad..if it worked I would highly recommend this style of timer to everyone.

Great timer - poor alarm
: The Polder 891-90 has quite a few usable components and capabilities.
However, the alarm is very weak and cannot be heard unless you are standing within 15 feet or so even though the description states the alarm is quite loud.
Would not have purchased this timer if I had known that the alarm was so weak.

Poor quality casting: The top does not fit.
Do not waist your money on this product.
I would not even give it away, I plan to return it.

Don't use too much heat with it!
: We are on our second pot and the same problem has occured -- the nonstick has bubbled out all round, close to the bottom.
When we took the first one back to the shop because a small piece of the nonstick had completely peeled off, the manager told us that we must have used a metal implement and scratched it (not true).
They replaced the first one, but refuse to take the second back saying we must have used too much heat.
Apparently, it is important to gently introduce the pot to heat everytime you use it.

Mini stories....
: This wasn't a book that seemed to "continue"...instead it was mini stories about the life of a Quaker family.
A few funny parts.

about the real Rhubarb: Huzzah!!!
I just went to bovine.com and they do have copies of Rhubarb for $15.00
There's joy in kitty ville tonight.

Where is Rhubarb The Cat?
: I am glad that I read the reviews from those who bought the aforementioned video thinking that they were going to see Morris' relative.
Someone really is "missing the boat" in not having this all-time favorite on video!!!!!
This is an excellent family movie, which is one of two favorites from my childhood, the other being "Harvey" and I have that video.
About a year ago, I had email messages with Movie Mom and she agreed that we should have access to this movie.
Maybe we should start a movement to get "Rhubarb" on video because, not only would I like to see it again, but I would like my niece and her family to see it, too!
Does anyone have any sugestions?!
I am quite serious about this.
WE WANT RHUBARB (the cat)!!!!!
WE WANT RHUBARB (the cat)!!!!!
WE WANT RHUBARB (the cat)!!!!!

THIS MOVIE FOR SALE IS NOT ABOUT A CAT: I got a British movie about a bunch of golfers.
I guess I should have read all the reviews instead of the first one!
DO NOT order this movie if you are wanting the 50's classic about a cat and a baseball team.

Can't begin to tell you how much this book sucks!!
:
This book is not for a beginner.
It does not provide examples, and the layout is hard as hell to follow.
Worst of all, some of the information in this book is out-right wrong!
(such as the commands that doesn't work where the book insist that it would!)

Too many "experts" !:
Helpful in parts, suffers from the linux "guru" ethos, which is surround everything in the OS with as many options as possible, and watch the newbie figure out which one too use.
Practically useless as a Step by Step guide to get anything done.
Good reference when you eventually get something done.
ps if Windows 2000 Advanced Server really is stable...hmmmm !

Infuriating and useless.
: There is very little that I can say about this book that is good.
Hard content is extremely sparse.
There was not one case that I could find where it answered a question I had.
When things go wrong with RPM, NFS, samba, etc.
it would be wise not to rely on it -- even though there are whole chapters on each of these they are full of poor writing style and vague content.
Some chapters are less than 10 pages long despite whole books having been written about the subject.
There is nothing "unleashed" about this doorstop.
Try Mark Sobell's book instead, it's 1000x more valuable, and it's the same price.

No other book compares: I am still amazed that this book is published and out on shelves and covers what it does.
It goes into components, flash remoting, shared libraries, drawing API, and many other features that most MX books are lacking.
Flash Remoting alone is a reason to buy this book.
I am also pleased to see that New Riders has put out a book that I can consider a desktop reference.
It has a quick reference in the back covering Flash MX objects, shortcuts, and more.
I would suggest taking a look at the Table of Contents and you will see all the neat things this book covers.

Stick with the Exner and colleagues series: I have read and used a number of Rorschach scoring and interpretive guides and I feel that the pedagogical value of this book is on par with
it's monetary value.
As other reviewers have commented, this text is out of date.
I also noticed that the case example towards the end is wrought with scoring errors.
I purchased this as a brief guide for students in clinical placements, but I am now sure it is better that I summarize the contents of the Exner series for them.
I don't recommend this text for anyone who actually uses the test.

There are better books on the subject: The main disadvantage of the book is that it does not do what it actually "promises".
In order to learn the technique of scoring and interpretation you are constantly referred to Exner's books.
Without any of his books on the comprehensive system the book is useless ;-( So it may be a better idea to get the "real thing" (i.e. Exner's handbooks or the workbook).A bit disappointing.

good product!
: u have to figure out how to properly zero it up and have it nicely balanced but after that this is an A+ product for the price i love it.

Don't bring this trash to your home: If you are considering buying this item, just burn your money, it goes faster from your hands.
The item arrived well packaged, with no problems, but when i opened the box the problems began.
The measuring needle was not horizontal as it is suposse to be.
It never went to the originals 0 oz, even we tried hard to make it go there.
Same item weighted 3 times gives 3 different measures in grams.
Don't be fooled by the comments and by the price...
Try buying somethig around 12-15 US, maybe you'll find something useful.

Best Value:
This is a great scale.
My wife and I are dieting and weighing out portion sizes is an important part of our routine.
This scale is well made, a convenient size and has the removable tray/cup which makes for easy cleaning.
Well worth the (small) investment.

Don't buy...
: This came with the paper (?) inside the thermometer with all the numbers not properly aligned, i.e. it was crooked.
I threw the thermometer away when I couldn't figure out how to align it.
Come on Polder you can do better.

Good Product:
Good Product, however the numbers are a little small for my old eyes.
Dial colors hold up well, however the needle is no longer red, turned dark over time.

Doesn't stand up to the competition: I suppose I can't expect the world from a $6 thermometer but it doesn't seem to be able to stand up with even the slightest nudge on the RACK (not the therm).
Quite the problem unless you have the feather touch taking pans in and out of the oven.
Not to have all my hopes dashed, it does tell pretty accurate temp when it is upright.
The hanging tab works great if you have the room to hang it, not an option for me since I often use the bottom rack.
If polder beefed up the bottom stand or added some counter weight, this would be a good little thermometer.
Until then, keep your long handled tongs handy to pick it up off of the element.

Nice and easy, mostly: What a useful thing to have in the kitchen
- I can't believe I did without one for so long!
The display is nice and clear, and the alarm beeper loud enough to hear from outside the kitchen.
Two smallish gripes - firstly you need to keep pressing the set buttons for each minute/second, so if you want 45 minutes you need to press the minute button 45 times, with a beep at each one - slightly irritating!
Second, the magnet on the back is just in the center of the timer and not very wide, so while it is strong I have found that if you hit the off button in a cooking panic it falls right off the refrigerator every time!But mostly it's a very useful thing to have, and for the price I shouldn't complain, should I?

depressing: saw maybe 7 poems out of 300?
I enjoyed.
Don't mind the women's lib attitude or the suffering it was just depressing, boring and a waste of book space.
( poems I enjoyed were by louis gluck robin morgan mona van guy wendolyn books susan griffin carolyn kizer)

Interesting stuff clouded by prejudice: Kasl does a good job of painting a broad picture which posits the pathway to spiritual enlightenment is broad and that there arwe many roads that can get us there.
Unfortuantely, too often she falls back on that pseudo-intellectual - new agey - warrior princess stuff that died out in the early 90s.
Her critique of AA and 12 step methodology is spot on in places, although she fails to acknowledge the diverse ways the 'program' is practiced by its membership.
Furthermore, issues of dogma, power and control are just as prevelant in feminist organizations as in AA.
One senses
she's a bit blinded by her own loyalty to her postion.
Ultimately, its the excess of that 60s-postmodernist-femist tripe that kinda swamps the good parts of her message.
Definiately written for a different era.
Not sure how relevant it is to recovery/spiritual development these days..

Even better than the first: Natalie Imbruglia somewhat disappeared after her debut, "Left of the Middle", sold millions of copies and made Natalie a star.
Natalie is back with "White Lilies Island" and this album is an improvement over her debut.
This album has a mix of rock, pop and electronica and is enjoyable from start to finish.
Definately check out Natalie's new album!

I was disappointed, but the album isn't bad: When I heard that Natalie Imbruglia had put out a new album, I was really excited.
I couldn't wait to buy it.
I finally got it
and I listened to it
and I was expecting that same spunk and attitude from "Left of the Middle.
"
It's a very beautiful album, but not the same.
It's going to have to grow on me
I think.
It's worth buying, but I still think "Left of the Middle" is better.

Not an Audio CD!
:
This CD is "copy protected" by the Cactus Data Shield.
It doesn't conform to the CD-Digital Audio standard, and is not an Audio CD.
For me, it was unlistenable on my computers AND my discman; listening to it on a friends machine, it sounded good, but I returned it as defective.
Very disappointing.

LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!
: I have been using this lip balm for years and absolutely love it.
I buy it in quantity
so I can give some to friends, who generally become hooked!
The only thing keeping it from getting 5 stars is: sometimes it's not completely smooth going on your lips - there are bumps of what may be shea butter or something else, but they can be rubbed in.

The All Omnipotent Q: Q has always been my favorite character in Star Trek, not counting the regular cast of the various shows.
This collection offers a chance to see him interact with the crew of the Enterprise, the crew of DS9, and also the crew of Voyager.
It is also nice to have both the series premier and the series finale of Star Trek: TNG in one collection.
I would absolutely recommend this collection to anyone who is at all a fan of the omnipotent, the whimsical, and the often troublesome character, Q.

a life lesson: This was one of the best movies!!
6.0 rating is way to low.
The concept was wonderful, the Queen was brilliant and the supporting actors were magnificent.
All inter-weaved to tell a tale of living life to the fullest.
If this movie doesn't make you want to get off your butt and take that hobby to the next level, tell that person you admire that you love them or see that place on earth you want to visit,.. then nothing will.
Thank you Queen and LL for another great movie from you guys.
You again didn't have to flash breasts & booty, curse constantly or do the "hollywood" thing to your movie to deliver an inspiring story, a life lesson, a blessing.
God Bless You Both.

The Last Holiday: I can't review this because I haven't received it yet.
It's one of my favorite movies and would like it as soon as possible

Enjoyable film:
Queen Latifah played a great role in this film, and there was plenty of classic lines and dialogue, as well as some cool scenes.
Her decision to have a lot of fun is something I'd do if I found out that I was dying too.
Though winning 3 17's in a row at the roulette table seemed a bit contrived for me, it was still a funny scene, and I also enjoyed the scene where her real job is revealed, and she doesn't slink away in embarrassment like a lot of others might have done.
LOVED the skydiving scene at the end where she decided she didn't want a traditional wedding.
Overall 4/5 stars.

Very cheap and my big wide chopping blade broke in half.
: I was pleased with the look of these knives but disappointed when my large wide chopping blade fell from the counter and broke in half.
Now I have to get a whole new set and will not be buying again from this maker.
I have never had a blade break like this before and wonder if anyone else experienced this type of breakage.
It was simply sitting on the counter and slipped off from about 4 feet high.
CHEAP,CHEAP, CHEAP.
I thought Chicago cutlery lasted forever.
Since I no longer have the packaging...
I have no idea if the knife is covered under warranty.
Time to find a better knives.

Not Good...
: I am displeased with this purchase.
The knives dull quickly and rust spots appear after the first use.
Plus, steak knives don't even have "teeth.
"
Sure, it is a decent price, but I would suggest spending more on a better set.

Mediocre: There are about 8-10 good/great songs total on this but the rest is TERRIBLE.
Lots of unlistenable over-produced 70s garbage.
I bought it for Ton of Dynamite alone as I had the other good songs already.
I'd listen to it before you buy it.

great socks: I'm happy to recommend these socks.
They're comfortable, well made, reasonably priced, and they stay up.
Although advertised as "casual" socks, I wear them with dress shoes.

Repels mosquito's?
Don't think so.
Makes your lawn smell funky?
Absolutely!
: I ordered this product upon getting fed up with the mosquito problems we have in Virginia.
I ordered four 5 lbs.
containers of this stuff and spread it out as described on the instructions.
I covered my front lawn and the rear area of my lawn including under the deck and around area's where my family hangs out.
This product says it even starts to work after 1 hour!
One hour came and went.
Two hours came and went.
3 DAYS came and went.
We still have a lot of of mosquito's coming around, only now my yard has a funky odor due to the Dr. T's granules.
If you are in the mood to waste some money on a product to make your lawn smell funky, by all means, purchase this product.
If you're looking to repel mosquito's, buy something else and let me know if it works.

Should be called Dr. T's gnat repelling granules: Really hoped that this product would repel the asian tiger mosquitos that are common in northern VA.
It did nothing for the mosquitos, but it did seem to repel the gnats that are a frequent annoyance in the grass.
I gave two stars as a decent gnat repeller, but it would get zero stars as a mosquito repeller.

stale garlic:
Hoping to challenge the annual swarm of mosquitoes that my roommate encourages with her horticultural nightmares , I bought this and sprinkled it weekly throughout the "garden" while she wasn't looking.
After 1 week, no change.
After 2 months...still no change, other than the smell of stale garlic and foot odor coming from the granules all over the area.

Waste of money: I live in Florida.
This year's mosquitoes have been particularly bad.
I purchased this product last week and it had little or no effect.
However, everyone was right about the smell.

SICKENING PUNGENT ODOR:
We found that this product was not effective in repelling mosquitos and it has a sickening pungent garlic odor that makes it impossible to be around.

Nice idea, smells good, but doesn't work.
: I used this in combination with all kinds of "green"-ish eco friendly mosquito solutions in Texas, including dryer sheets tucked in the pocket and lemon eucalyptus spray.
The mosquitoes in Deep East Texas were NOT the least bit offended by this product or any other safe, natural method this year.
But this year there was a different type of mosquito - with stripes! - than I had seen the previous year.
The mosquitoes with stripes seem to be particularly resistant and blood thirsty, and sadly, it definitely takes a poison to knock them down.

Save Your Money:
After having read mixed review, I figure I'll purchase two containers as overkill for my small lawn.
Figure
if it's going to work, it'll work better when there's more right?
Save your money.
I haven't noticed any reduction in the mosquito population if the number of bites my kids and I are receiving are any indication.
Another words, no change even after dumping both containers in our lawn all at once -- spread evenly w/ a spreader.

A book I recommend to EVERYONE.
: This is book written for children but I have to tell you I loved this book as much as my 8 year did.
I had to stop reading once or twice because I was so chocked up.
The writer did an amazing job of drawing you inside the mind of Squirrel the dog.
I felt like I was the dog living this story at time.
I tell you what, I look at our dog in a whole new light.
This is a classic must read for all.

Beware!
:
My 5 year old son is a Thomas fanatic.
We had purchased the Great Festival Adventure, which he really enjoyed, and so decided to try this game.
The plastic keyboard topper did not fit our HP keyboard properly, (unlike Tonka Dig N Rigs and Workshop), and as a result often times the controls would not work at all, causing my son great frustration.
Until they can rework the key top to be truly universal, this is a definite DON'T BUY.

Great activity:
My parents purchased this product for my 4 year old son.
He is familiar with the workings of a train because of my father's "H&O;" train layout, and learned this quick.
After the toutorial he was on his way with the rockslide adventure.
He completed the entire thing with minimmal input from me or his mother.
After that he was a pro!
He had a great time.
We ran this on a WinXP computer without any problems at all.
Great Product!
I hope hasbro makes more games to work with the controler.

A rather unimaginative and unoriginal venture: For the novice of classical studies this book would be a good start at learning the Roman point of view concerning the subjugation of the continental Celtic tribes.
Mr.
Jimenez has an excellent chapter on the conflict between Pompey and Caesar.
However, he seems to have made little, if any effort in coming up with a new, or original look at Caesar's war with the Gauls.
Since all of his information comes from Caesar himself and Mr. Jimenez has failed in his duty as a historian to be investigative and as objective as possible, one would do just as well as purchasing Caesar's Gallic Wars.

WOW!
:
Ok first i'm going to start off by saying I think this is a really great movie.
To the person who said its a bad influence when the girl rudely yells on the phone,I have to disagree with you.
She"s
just expressing her feelings.
This goes to all the teen and tween girls out there:how would you like it if your mom sold her house and made you move leaving all your friends behind just for some guy?Besides when she goes out and spend the mom's credit card she HAS a right to cry.
Her mom wasn't there for her.
This movie shows girls that they should follow their dreams no matter what stupid people say.

Its Cheesylicious!
: Cheetahlicious?
Don't make me laugh.
It's more "Cheesylicious".
This whole movie is made for 2 year olds!
I mean, come on!
They sing songs like "Together we can", songs like that belong on Barney or Sesame Street!
This is unrealistic.
Especially the ending when Galleria's dog Toto is stuck in a sewer!
And when all the other former-members came, why were they all wearing the same thing but just another color?
Come on!
Cheesylicious!
They voices are more poppy than Britney Spear's voice.
It hurts my ears terribly!
It is a sad, sad attempt at comedy.
DON'T
BUY IT!!
DON'T
WATCH IT ON DISNEY CHANNEL EITHER!!
BOO!!
IT SUCKS!!!!

You think that this is a movie
Yeah Right!!:
DONT BUY IT!!!It is So Stupid that i rather watch Barney then this CRAP!!
And Raven is stupid herself because she Cant Sing!!!
The only thing that she can sing is, "IM soooo Stupid" and thats
Right!!I wish the dog that fell in the sewer Died!!!
"
Toto NOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HAThanks for reading!!
And Have A Nice Day!!

Bad Design:
I have played this game for many years, but wanted to order a new set.
What I discovered was apparently a bad design flaw in the pigs.
The whole purpose of the game is when you roll the pigs you get points based on how they land.
With this new set the pigs often landed in a position that was somewhere in between laying on their side and laying on their back.
It appeared as if the tail was made wrong.
The final landing position of the pigs means everything in the game and if you can't determine if you have "razorback" or if it's laying on its side, then it's useless.
Amazon took the return with no problems whatsoever!

Disappointed with the new format: The score sheets are ridiculously small.
Need a magnifiying glass to even read it.
Can't imagine how a kid could even attempt to write down a score!...
I sure couldn't!The game only comes with 2 pigs.
What if one gets lost?
it could happen becasue
they are so small.
It would be nice to have at least 4 of them.
Also, the devise for shaking the pigs is too narrow.
Mostly the pigs get stuck in it.
We use a cup from another game instead.
Overall, it is a fun game, we have the one from the 70's which came with 6 pigs, so we have them all.
A large cup for shaking, and score pads that are large enought to write on.
Why they changed the format I will never know.

Great game, new silver case not as good as the old black box:
I've always loved Pass the Pigs.
However, the new design for the case is not a good design, in my opinion.
I remember my old set being in a black plastic box.
That thing was DURABLE!
My family still has our old set at the house that we threw around as kids.
The new design is cheap plastic with a clear "window" on the front.
After about a year, I already have a crack in the top.
I'm in the Army, and I bought this game to put down in my ruck sack
so I can whip out Pass the Pigs to occupy my down time, and remind me a little of home.
The game is still as awesome as I remember, but I'm just not a huge fan of the new case.
As long as you plan on leaving this at home and treating it delicately, you should be fine.

pass the pigs: I bought this game because I had an original from the eighties, but one of my pigs was missing.
My family and I love it.

Exiles Challenge:
This book is amesome.
It is about an enslaved warrior that escapes and runs away with his wife and his best freind Davyd, who is a dreamer.
Davyd makes contact with a metawaye warrior named Morrhyn.
Morrhyn leads them through a secret passage and to his camp.
They come apon many obstacals and defeat them all.
This is a verry good book and i would recomend it to all readers.

Tooo Small!
: The boot looked to be of very good quality.. but, sadly, they seemed sized too small.
I ALWAYS wear a size 10.. but could barely fit my feet in the boots... and could not zip them up at all.
I gave them away, as I missed the return deadline because I live OS and had mailed them to my sister in the U.S.
Too bad.

P.O.S. SPYWARE!!!
: This is nothing but a redistribution of Anonymizer.
The first lie you are told is that this program will protect your privacy on the web.
In order to protect your privacy on the web and supposedly surf the web anonymously (another lie) you have to type in your personal information; name, address, phone, e-mail, etc.
; if you do not do this, the program will not run.
This is a violation of the privacy the program was said to protect.
Cosmi, unfortunately, has been selling as of late quite a few programs that are nothing more than disguised spyware.
This is quite a contrast to the Cosmi (Starshine, Swift) that used to make very good programs available at a budget price.
Apparently Cosmi has joined eGames among the list of software publishers to avoid; this is truly a shame.
It is just plainly inexcuseable to disguise spyware as a program intended to protect your privacy.-Bob

Dr Abravanels Body type diet and lifetime nutrition plan: I heard about his book from my kung fu instructor who had great results, from doing the quiz to find out his body type, and then following the eating plan.
I wanted to see for my self,so I purchased the book and in the first week I lost 3 pounds, I do not have a lot of excess weight to lose, only about 6 to 8 pounds.
The diet is very easy to follow and you are not hungry, also it is eating real every day food.
I am very happy with my purchase, and the great results.

It's simple and it works!
:
My 50 year old body decided to acquire a 12 pound spare tire over the past two years.
Working out every day wasn't helping.
I didn't think my regular diet was bad.
But, I couldn't lose any weight.
Then, a friend turned me on to this book and, WOW.
I found out
I was a T type.
I started the program.
It's been three weeks
and I'm down almost 12 pounds and two waist sizes!
Even though I'm still missing some of the things I really love to eat, I'm never hungry.
This is a really intelligent approach to weight loss and learning to eat right.

Last Breath:
The Limits of Adventure: Conventional wisdom has it that dying out in the snow of hypothermia is a gentle, nearly painless way to go.
Dreamy.
This intriguing book presents more details and morereality on this, and several other ways of dying.
I'm rereading it and sharing it with others.
Good for conversations.
I'm assuming that the author researched and that it ismostly medically correct.

This stuff is Dangerous: This product is so dry it can cut a Cat's mouth, cause bleeding and choking.
The product I received from Petco was dry as a Bone.
It could be compared to eating a Fish without debonning it first.
You wouldn't feed your Family Fish Bones.
My cats are my Family.
Maybe te product I received was no the usual quality, but it was dry, dry dry.
Both the Salmon and Whiting were equally dry.

true classic: a perfect combination of action and comedy, a true blockbuster.
Arnold is always at the top of his game when teaming with Cameron.
Now where is the blu-ray?
Fox please release the bluray of this movie and you will sell so many copies.

true lies - arnold and jamie lee at their best!:
Jamie Lee Curtis turns in a performance in this movie that just blew my socks off!
She is a mousy housewife toying with the idea of having an affair with a real looser pretending to be a spy.
Her husband pretends to be a real looser, but is really an Arnie-at-his-best invincible spy.
The fireworks start when Arnie finds out what Jamie is up to...
Fast moving, never a dull moment.
I really enjoyed this one
and I think that you will too.

Widescreen Letterbox Format
: I fail to see the logic in creating a DVD like this.
While it is in widescreen format, it is in standard 4:3 (1.33:1) rather than anamorphic (sized for 16:9 widescreen
TVs).This was one of my favorite movies.
The quality of the image on this DVD is passable.
I hope they release it in anamorphic format sometime in the near future for people that own more-current television sets so we can fully enjoy the technology we spent our hard-earned dollars on.
I was very pleased with the audio.
While it wasn't up to Superbit standards, I would give it 4 out of 5 stars.

A classic.
:
One of the great classics.
Filled with great moments, and an essential for anyone who is forming an Arnold collection.

Action Packed and Funny!!
!
:
This movie is so cool.
It has some of the best action I've ever seen in a movie (along with Die Hard) and it's so funny!
Jamie Lee Curtis is perfect.
I like Arnold, but this wasn't his best work.
But hey, he's buff, he's got the cool accent, he can shoot a gun, who really cares, right?
The highlight of the movie is the beautiful and talented Eliza Dushku, only twelve years old in this movie (her character is 14, but she was 12 when they filmed it).
One of the two flaws is that she didn't have enough screen time.
Come on, 140 minutes, and you can only squeeze her into three scenes??
The time is the other problem.
It dragged on a little.
But other than that, it's a great movie.
See it!!!!!!!
4.5 stars

the cars: got the disc at good price.
good tunes.
if you are into the Cars, this is probably one their better records

not worth the money!: God knows how much I love NSYNC, but this phone is not worth the current asking price, trust me!
I bought it for my 5 and 12 year old daughters, one each, so they wouldn't fight over them, and they were excited to the max to see them in the package.
That was the first and last day (the only day) that those phones have gotten any of their attention.
With the guys repeating the SAME answers OVER and OVER again, it gets old VERY fast!
And the CD games?
Those are a JOKE!
Stupid, just totally stupid!
A VERY remedial bowling game, where the guys heads are the top part of the pins???
Even my 5 year old said, "Mommy, this game is dumb"!
I still cannot believe that NSYNC would endorse such junk!As much as I love them....
Shame on them!

Great game!
: I must say this was a guilty pleasure.
I don't really like nsync
but I saw this game for only 12 dollars and had to get it.
It was actullay preety fun,but not enough fun to last awhile.
The games on the cd rom were alright.
I had a lot of trouble on the triva though.
Here is my review on each game.
Charity Challenge-
I didn't like this to much.
It just wasn't that fun.Trivia-
This was hard for me since I am not an nsync fan.
Really big nsync fans will have no problem on this though.
Bowling-
This was pretty cool.
I love to bowl so this was pretty cool to have on this game.
The guy's heads are drawn on to five of the pins and they talk every now and then.
Very cool!Quick change-
I kinda like this.
It was pretty fun but each guy has the same outfits.
They should have given each guy their own clothing.
Make a Move- My fave.
I think I like this one because I like rytym/dance games.
This was kinda like a dance game in a way.
So there you have it, my review.
Very great for some nsync fun!!

Only for beginners: I bought this book along with several other books about "technical writing".My general impression was very poor.
It does not really give much information about how to write a good user manual (how information should be structured, how to make sure that your readers are given clear instructions about using a given product, etc.)On the other hand, it focuses more on social or organizational issues like "what should I do I nobody wants to edit the user manual I have written", "what should I do if the development team does not provide the technical specs of the product", etc.
For people interested in a very good book about how to write user manuals (or technical documentation in general), I strongly recommend "Developing Quality Technical Information :
A Handbook for Writers and Editors (2nd Edition)
(IBM Press Series--Information Management)
ISBN: 0131477498.

This book is a Classic...READ IT: I found that after reading this wonderful novel, I have a different view of things.
This novel is to be cherished, and to be read at least once.
Although I am only 11, I completely appreciate literature; this novel definitely deserves the highest appreciation possible.

Anna Karenina:
Excellent writing style with strong ethical messages delivered in a subtle manner through the daily lives of his characters so familiar to the reader in their own lives, relationships and challenges.
Each of his characters is exposed like every human being with both virtues and vices in their struggle to attain peace within their souls and find the meaning of life.

Format Issues:
I bought this for my Kindle, but it's too distracting to read as all the lines are fragmented.
I ended up buying a different version.

Disappointed: I read Anna Karenina many years ago & decided to re-read it as I loved it then.
I received my Kindle copy yesterday & eagerly started to read it.
The translation is terrible & in many instances doesnt make sense.
I started to get frustrated with it & thought "this isnt how Tolstoy writes".I have since found my paper-back copy of many years ago & am busy comparing the translation.
I am up to Chapter 22 & am thoroughly disgusted with the Kindle version of this supposedly fantastic book.
Will stick to the paper-back from now on even though its more convenient & lighter in the Kindle.
So much for free e-books.
Disappointing.

Surprisingly Modern Old Standard:
Am still enjoying this book - description of society in pre-revolutionary Russia is fascinating as are the ideas already developing even among the upper classes re fairness and position.
I will see the movie, just to make comparisons.
Interested in who plays which character.

Poor Transmission into Kindle format:
My Title says it all (as others have noted).
I think from now on I will avoid free Kindle titles of classics.
Seems pointless.

A classic!
: It's a classic; what do you write about such a book?
It is wonderful reading it on my Kindle so I can easily search for and check names.
Much better reading now than it was in high school.

Anna Karenina:
I thought it was too like most Russia novels.
Long and political and not true to history.
Too many discrepancies.

Long and drawn out !!
: This was a free book
so I decided to see what it was all about.
I don't mind "some" details in a book but this just seemed like way overkill.
I ended up scrolling through half of the pages because the details of every persons ideas and thoughts were a bit much for my taste.
It might be a classic
but I guess it just wasn't my type of book.
I ended up deleting it from my Kindle.

Excellent but wrong
: I'm no linguist myself, but Pinker's logical analysis is so weak that an alert reader's conclusion inevitably is: he must be wrong.
A common strategy to be convincing is to list all possible theories and to eliminate all but one with supporting facts.
Pinker comes up with one single theory, that grammar is genetically determined, and he then lists loads of facts, that happen to be consistent with that theory.
However, alternative explanations are hardly discussed, and none is convincingly refuted.
At the same time, there are problems with genetically determined grammar, that he doesn't bother to talk about.
If there had been good arguments for a genetically determined grammar, I'm sure Pinker would have mentioned them, so I consider this book a very good indication that the theory is a wild guess at best.
Still, Pinker is an excellent stylist, and his collection of facts is extremely interesting taken individually.
For these reasons alone the book is well worth reading.

I made me think about thinking: I'm not a linguist or a psychologist
and I have to admit that my knowledge in this area of science is pretty limited.
I cannot judge Pinker's book on
it's content
but on how it has helped me in my day to day job.
I'm a data architect in an international consulting firm.
My day to day work is to translate what the business rules are into data structures that can support the computer systems build around them.
My biggest problem has always been translating what am I hearing from the business community into a coherent set of rules that can be implemented using current database technology.
Now that I understand a little more on how people think (At least I has been led believe that I got a little smarter after reading this book)and how people communicate what they think my job has become a little easier and more effective.

highly enjoyable but too chomskyan: pinker is one of the most fun-to-read popular science authors currently on the scene (how the mind works and words and rules are also enjoyable, tho w&r less so than either lg instinct or htmw).
therefore, his book is a good place to start for the person interested in language and linguistics but with little or no background.for those with little background, tho, some of the going may get a bit rough, as pinker goes fairly deep into one particular theory of language, closely related to the ideas of pinker's MIT colleague noam chomsky.
while i respect both pinker and chomsky, i find both of them to pay far too little attention to how languages change over time and to how 'exotic' languages like navajo, finnish, and ingush work.chapter
12 provides a pretty good (tho occasionally angry) antidote to people who insist on answering 'can i go to the bathroom?'
with 'i don't if you can, but you may'.

TERRIBLE BOOK!
: If you have to buy this for a college class, then your are stuck.
But if you learning precalculus on your own, stay away from this book!
First, the book lacks clarity.
You are left wondering what's going on.
Secondly, no thoroughness.
It supposedly 'teaches' a section then you are off to the next.
Lastly, it dives into 'heavy' and sometimes irrelevant material, making the student feel lost.
Not sure what's going on with this book?
I got all As in Math --
This book is terrible!

Kimberley is a dud: Playboy Video Centerfold Kimberley Conrad is 55 minutes long.
This video is divided into two parts.
Kimberley covers forty-four minutes of the video and that is forty-four minutes too long.
Kimberley sucked in her own video.
She is totally nude for only four minutes of the forty-four minutes.
Most the time we get a guided tour of the Playboy Mansion.
It is any wonder how Kimberley Conrad became Playboy Playmate of the Year for 1989.
Playboy represents nudity and here is a Playmate that is afraid to show it; granted there were a very few topless scenes.
The other eight minutes are dedicated to Candy Loving; Playboy's Playmate of the Month for January 1979 and 25th Anniversary Playmate.
Her Playboy shoots are very sexy.
Playboy Video Centerfold Kimberley Conrad gets what it deserve an E-.

Just plain bad: When Waiting to Exhale was published, it was a book we needed.
Tired of depictions of slavery, Jim Crow, and ghetto life, we wanted stories dealing with our newly found affluence.
McMillan gave us a buddy novel that showed us in a different light.
Attempting to read this book now is painful.
The story is still interesting but the execution is amateurish.

Women Of Color: Highly entertaining and enjoyable book about four middle-class African-American women.
The reason this book was popular among all women, regardless of race, was that the problems the characters dealt with--infidelity, lack of available men, problem teenage children, divorce--most women could relate to.

It's not this woman's thing: I asked a black friend (I am white) if this was a "black" thing or a "woman" thing b/c I was intriqued, hearing ravings of male-bashing in the press.
She also loved it and said it was a "woman" thing.
It was about black women with miserable lives as far as I'm concerned and it was very unenjoyable.
Not for everyone obviously and whether that's a race issue or not, I don't know.

If it were legal, I would marry this pen: I'm a complete penaholic, and the Uniball Vision Elite is hands-down the pen I love the very best.
It writes very smoothly, and the ink dries lightning-fast
-- I hold my hand in sort of a messed-up way when I write, so I tend to smear ink if it takes too long to dry.
Plus, it's just a nice-looking pen with a solid feel.
Downsides:
These puppies are a little on the expensive side.
In addition, the ink is quite dark, and it can bleed through the paper, so if you're using it to write on both sides of something (for example, taking notes in class), you'll definitely need a nice, thick paper.

Disappointing: As a college student who is used to cheap ball point pens, I thought I'd try something different this spring with the UniBall Vision Elite.
I really love the blue/black color, and the pens do write beautifully.
However, I was hoping that, for the price, they'd last longer.
I bought a pack of four pens, and each one has lasted me less than 2 weeks before running dry, roughly 30 or 40 pages of writing, using the front side of the paper only because the ink tends to bleed through a little.
I won't be buying these again.

A Trip Down Memory Lane: I remember seeing the first issue of M.A.R.S. Patrol in my favorite drugstore, where I used to get all my comics.
I was only about 10, then, and on a budget
so it was a toss up between this comic and a Green Lantern
....
G.L. won out, and I always wondered all those years what I missed.
Well, now I found out, and I'm glad I picked the Green Lantern.
Except for the Wally Wood art, the stories are so-so.
Another problem is the reprinting - not so great.
Colors looked washed out in some panels, and imaging isn't as sharp as it could be.
Still, for the Wally Wood completist, this book is a must.
Just wish it would have been better.

Miss the scalloped edge!:
Difficult to find anywhere but online.
Perfect size for pudding and desserts.
Miss the original scallop edge detail.

Not as much about Reiki as about personal irritations: I would not recomend ANYONE reading this book when they start learning about Reiki.
Though she does bring up a few good points that others don't touch on, she more brings her own personal hatred of men and christians and as a forum to spread her views about religion and sexism.
The book may be summed up in bsically, "Women can do reiki and the system that was devbeloped is to control people, and christianity is a bunch of lies, and oh, by the way, I guess men can do it
too."Be sure of your facts before attempting this book.

Got Symbols?
Reiki revealed...: This book is truly a guide to discovering and understanding an otherwise perplexing specialty.
Reiki is ancient, seasoned, secretive (until this novel) and earned and this book allows interested parties to LEARN Reiki.
Diane's guide doesn't suppress this beautiful art and gives the gift of knowledge to those who are open enough to receive it.
The specialty of Reiki can be up to a 25% markup on regular MT services and as such can be of sincere healthy profit to its Masters and practitioners according to The Magic Touch: How to make $100,000 per year as a massage Therapist by Meagan R. Holub.
"
The magic Touch:.." is a great guide on how to turn a regular, unremarkable career into a truly successful one.
Meagan's book houses sections on intuition, mind and body relaxation and emotional health.
Buy these two books together for a true guide to success in this niche.

Not recommended: I found this book to be informative, maybe too informative.
It lacks caution which should be used to the indiviual.
I found it to be very irresponsible in the sense that you are suggested to welcome all in the healing.
This can be very dangerous and was so in my case.
Reiki training in general lacks depth that is need in embarking the spirit world, this book along with it can be a harmful combination.
I purchased this book with deep regret and wish the author would be more responsible in what is suggested in her future projects.

MANSON:
THE SONG TITLED:
SAM SON OF MAN HAS THE BEAT AND MUSIC OF BLACK SABBATHS SONG:
IRONMAN - DONE MANSON STYLE.THIS IS AN EXCELLENT CD!I LIKED
THE INTERVIEW.MANSON IS
REALLY DOWN
TO
EARTH.MORE PEOPLE
SHOULD REALLY GIVE HIM
A CHANCE AND GET
TO KNOW
HIM!THERE'S
NOTHING WRONG WITH HIM-EVERYBODY ELSE
HAS THE PROBLEM!

Works great--but take note: I bought this unit to connect to my new HDTV.
Instructions on set up are clear and easy to follow.
But I found that I cannot record closed captions off the cable system--only records digital broadcast CC.
I have not connected the cable company's digital goof box (I think it has a built in DVR), so I may find I can get captions with a secondary hookup to the cable box.
(We put men on the moon 30+ years ago, but we can't get
simple cable/HD stuff??I have used Toshiba products in the past with great happiness--that's why I bought the Toshiba REGZA and this unit.

JUNK:
This DVD VHS Recorder is worthless.
It performed haphazardly for the first year and will not perform at all now when it comes to recording.
It will accept recording schedules and then either turn itself off long before the TV show occurs or just doesn't bother recording.
This is with either VHS or DVD.
Don't waste your money.

Toshiba DVD & VCR recorder
: This has been a great product, it has the digital tuner which will be necessary next year.
It has done a fine job of recording my TV shows to DVD.
I am even able (with the right cableing) to record shows off my TIVO.
My only complaint is it will not record pre-recorded VCR tapes because of the anti-copy protections built in, (this is wrong because those tapes were purchased by me
and I only want to save them from going bad as all VCR tapes do.
I understand there is a small device that will hook to the back of the recorder and remove that protection
so you can record, I will be looking into that.

Not good: I had a problem with this VCR it would not transfer some VCR tapes to DVD.
Appears to be a commom problem with the machine.
The seller promptly refunded my money.

Unit not respond: Last month, I bought this Toshiba D-VR650 for home entertainment.
I liked the design and features specified in the unit.
Regrettably, I had no choice but to return this unit to the store due to unit froze up repeatingly(not respond to any control button),except to unplug the electrical power to reset the unit.
I had a number of DVD players in the past and never experience with froze up issue before.

DVD does not work: I cannot really give a fair rating as to convenience, performance, etc., because the DVD portion of device did not work when we hooked it up two days ago.
I have had people who are very good with these devices check to see that I had it connected properly, so that is not the problem.
I will be returning the product in the next few days.

The best bra on the market----bar none!:
This nylon/lyrcra miracle is much better than the trice-more-expensive Spanx bras in support, comfort & invisibility under even the sheerest tops.
I'm a big girl--38 DD---
and I've never had a bra FIT better:
no gaps, no bulges, no wrinkles!
AND you can wear plunging blouses without having your bra peek out; similarly, the wide shoulder straps allow the bra to work with even boat-neck tops.
Fantastic in every respect.
I now own five of these in all three colors!
Treat yourself--
you won't regret it!

My favorite bra ever!
: This bra is great!
I am a 36DD, but I do not need a lot of support, and am far apart.
This bra is fabulous - 2 layers of stretchy fabric that conforms to my shape (not like those foam bras that try to make my shape conform to them!) and doesn't make me have uber-cleavage!
I can wear it all day w/out fussing over it every 15 minutes.
The straps are also very comfortable and can cross over in back for cut-in shoulder tops.
I have even used it as a halter!

Paul Gallagher Rocks:
This book was very good.
What better source to tell the story of Oasis than the older brother of the two main figures in the book.
Even if your not an Oasis fan, you will enjoy this book.
It's a good read.

Mamas and Papas Anthology:
Finally, it's all here--even the 1971 album People Like Us
(not that you really need that one by the way).The perfect one-stop purchase for the fan, though do yourself a favor and get Papa John's first solo effort as well.
They may not have been in the same league as the Beatles, Stones, or even the Beach Boys but their first LP is a classic and "California Dreaming" is one of the '60s best songs.

pretty bad compilation
: This is a bad way to get started on the Dead, give a friend Workingman's or Beauty if you must give them a studio album.
It's amazing this album stays in print.

please don't bother: i bought this album when it came out,i had only seen the dead about 3 times at that point,i didnt know any better.to be honest most of the deads studio stuff is not representive of thier
music.i got to know the world of tapeheads and collected many shows alot of which are out on cd
now.this album is like the dead on an oldies station.ugh

Wave On: I own the originalSuperStar Professional 1-inch Flat Iron Hair Straightener, which I just love!
However, I live overseas and unfortunately had removed the voltage safety of the product
so I didn't want to plug it in and have a melt down!
I bought this Black Pearl because it specifically said 220 volt, well that's about the only thing it has going for it.
It works marginally, it's build quality is low, made of cheap plastic with low quality plates that aren't set properly and there is no heat setting.
Finally, it looks converted to 220
that's how cheap it looks.
So you are still wondering, well how does it function?
My hair has but a few loose curls, that end up looking like loose, long waves.
Tsk, tsk, it did little to nothing for my hair, which needs only a little heat and effort to go straight or curl the ends.
For the price you should expect a better quality item with at least a high/low heat setting that actually affects your hair.

The best!: This album always makes me feel good and that is really all I ask.
This is my favorite album of all time.

One Of Her Weaker Efforts:
In the "before Bonnie became famous era
" (all cds prior to Luck Of The Draw)...there were some great records...but this is not one of them.
To me this is an overproduced record where the "music machine" was trying to get Bonnie out of her grittier (and much better) earlier style and into more of a pablum that could be sold in mass quantities to a 70s crowd.
There are a few very good songs here but in general its uninspired and flat.
If you are looking for early Bonnie material, stick with her first two and you can't go wrong.

Great Theology in One Volume:
Mueller's Dogmatics, a summary of F. Pieper's three volume Christian Dogmatics, is an excellent tool in the study of orthodox Lutheran theology, and well worth studying.
My only complaint is the number of typographical errors in this Kindle edition.
At the price one pays for it (and the content is worth it), we should expect a properly proofed, and mostly typo free edition.

Explicit!:
Disappointing!
This was the first Linda Lael Miller I've read.
This library find was more than sexually explicit, so graphically and ongoing that I considered it light pornographic.
No, I am not prudish!
I've read many sexually explicit and sensual writers, however, this novel's puritanical cover distort's the reader's expectations.
I found nothing especially captivating about either character, especially Emma.
She wasn't strong willed, stubborn, spoiled, manipulating, or even innocent.
Emma was oversexed from the moment her maidenhood took flight with the wind.
She spent her time coaxing this man to satisfy her carnal desires throughout the book.
Maybe Emma was no different from the average 'American housewife', the only difference being that her carnal desires and needs were met.
Well, that is a feather in her hat!

Enzymes; Nature's Secret, soft gels-60 COUNT:
I've found Nature's Secret products to be a good value, and usuallywhat they'll do is blend herbs (proprietary blend).
What this does isit gives the user a large spectum of nutritional support.
The enzymes in this particular product are well-known, & help your systemabsorb nutrients from whatever foods and vitamins you're incorporatinginto your daily diet.
I recommend this product, and suggest you look at some of the otherproducts in their line.

The Classic Corn Popper: I agree with what has been said.
This is a classic toy.
I had one as a child.
Many people have had one when they were kids.
And, I think it's one of those toys that every child should have.
There isn't much to this toy.
You push it and the balls pop within the plastic bubble--you know the story.
This isn't a toy that your child will usually play with for extend periods of time, but once and a while, for a little while (5-10 minutes a "pop", pun intended :), your child will play with it and have fun.
Some days he/she'll play with it more, some days less.
But, he/she will have fun.
The counting to ten is also a nice feature to this toy.

Wish there were an option for "no stars": Before I'd even used the cutting board, let alone washed it, two of the four little glass nubs on the bottom that support the cutting board and hold it up off the counter (like short little legs) had fallen off.
It seems they were glued on with a very inappropriate glue--
The nubs are clear and I can only find one of them, so I can't even glue them back on with proper glue.
Now the cutting board is useless because it won't sit flat and secure on the counter.
I don't want to send it back to Amazon because it is so over-sized and shipping it will be a royal pain.
This is a huge piece of junk.
Save your money.

Doesn't even deserve a star!: This book is a horrible example of grammar for our elementary aged children.
My son brought this book home to read for his accelerated reading exercise.
He had trouble pronouncing words.
The spelling, the grammar and words like a-cussin' are inexcusable in a child's book.
I am asking that my child's school remove the book from their library.

Good quality + low price.
:
Overall I am happy with this purchase.
I got this to put in a krafts room
and it has been really useful so far.
Would definitely buy again.

Pass it up: First off, racing is door to door and wheel to wheel.
Solo or autocrossing is not racing.
Fun with cars, yes.
But not racing.
This booklet is a waste of paper.
It's for the guy who wants to talk about autocrossing to other people who've never done it and never will.
No organization, stick figure drawings, stuffed full of "job descriptions" for working at an autocross with no usefulness except upping the page count.
The "modifications" section is worthless.
He talks of "weight transfer" when he really means inertia loading.
He attributes cornering forces to the mythical "centrifugal force" and talks of your body being forced outward, when it's the car accelerating towards the center of the circle.
The first chapter of Skip Barber's "Faster" has more useful information than this entire book.
Oh yes, no "secrets" are revealed.

FANS OF ADMIRAL GALLERY'S UNIQUE BRAND OF SEA YARNS WILL LOVE IT: "FANS OF ADMIRAL GALLERY'S UNIQUE BRAND OF SEA YARNS WILL LOVE IT.
"
-- Herman Wouk"Vintage Gallery humor!
As long as Fatso lives, the U.S. Navy will Survive.
"
-- WILLIAM J. LEDERER"The U.S. Navy doesn't need a whole fleet in the Mediterranean.
All it needs is a 70-foot motorized barge -- LCU-1124 -- commanded by a resourceful Boatswain's Mate First Class like Fatso Gioninni .
"
-- THE NEW YORK TIMES BOOK REVIEW."It would take half the page to do justice to this ferociously funny novel...
The imperturbable malice Admiral Gallery uses to spoof everything from the way the Navy is run to the poverty program is an exercise in risible ingenuity.
This is one of the most hilarious sugar coatings over hard core of fact I have read and if it isn't made into a movie or serve as the nucleus for a TV series, there is no justice!" -- Jefferson Parish Times, Metairie, LA

A complete work but not partial
: One will need literature more critique with the Western world (markets, companies, sociobiology) to complete this book, or you will have a partial knowledge of the history and causes of this phenomena.
Although it is an encyclopedia, there is an unbalanced weight in the topics with the serious absences commented before.
These volumnes must be completed with "Late Victorian Holocausts", M. Davis and others, to coverthe the reformulations in sociobiology performed by Galton, and its influence in the British Empire and other countries.
These are very alive in the billion victims in the Third World.
This encyclopedia ignore the genocide in India with 30 billion victims explained in the Davies book.
In a general way, the 3 volumes are quite benigne with the Anglo world, ignoring the ideological roots of the actual financial power and his real role in modern genocides (Congo, etc..).

Didn't Last 3 Months - No Customer Service:
The phone quit working in just over two months.
Repeated calls to the customer service phone number would automatically put me on hold for a long while and then tell me to call back later.

Useful for SAHM: This is useful a book for stay at home moms or those who can nurse their baby on demand.
But it is quite difficult to follow, if not impossible, for working moms.
I was hoping that there will be a section for mothers like me who needs an alternative aside from doing the actual nursing but sad to say, it did not provide that.

The Great has become the Best.....
: In Tenchu 2 you use many Ninja style weapons some that were in the original game, others that are new like flaming arrows.
You use stealth to sneak up on your enemy and kill him/her without them knowing what hit them!
The game is really bloody for some this might be great for others it might not be all that good.
Tenchu 2 comes with a new feature the mission editor, in the mission editor you can create your own levels and place enemies within the levels!
It's a great feature that makes an already great game even better.
All together the game has 29 levels, 3 playable characters (the two Ninja characters that were in the original game and a new Ninja character),22 weapons, a mission editor, and many hours of fun.
For those of you who like games that are based on stealth this is a game you can't pass up!

Another good Van album, but...
: I think that there are ultimately two types of Van Morrison fans - those who prefer Astral Weeks and those who prefer Moondance.
I think both are great, but I give the edge to Moondance; I can appreciate the arguments for Astral Weeks, but it's completely a matter of taste.
If you like Van Morrison, you're all right in my book.
Veedon Fleece is definitely more like Astral Weeks - contemplative, the whole almbum conveying a mood more than an importance on individual songs.
I really love the albums Into the Music and His Band and Street Choir.
But if you prefer Astral Weeks, Veedon Fleece in many ways is a continuation of that.
Still very good.

Will never use anything else!: Since living in a house with a shower that has glass doors/walls, I've been searching for the best cleaner for that glass.
It seemed that nothing would get the soap scum off, no matter how hard or how many different products I tried.
Then I asked a janitor at my work, what she would recommend, and she said to use the Comet Spray...
I ran out and bought some and have since been hooked.
You simply spray it onto the walls/glass, and let it just drip down....
there is normally no wiping involved - you can simply run the shower water over the walls after several minutes after you've sprayed, and it will just wash away the soap scum and it will be clean and shiny!
I was very impressed and will never use anything else!
I've recommended this product to all of my friends and family, and have never heard a negative comment about it.
Definitely worth whatever price tag it is marked with!!

On Reprinted editions: I can't imagine many people buying this book in the first place, but I purchased it to help with a project I'm working on.
I was quite excited to see that there was a new edition of Thomas Carew's poems on the market.
There's a very well done collection of cavalier verse that was recently put out.
It's a Norton Critical Edition entitled Ben Jonson and the Cavalier Poets, released in 1974 that has a great selection.
This book, however, is merely a reprint of an edition printed in 1899.
Nowhere in the Amazon description of the book does it mention this, which I find downright scandalous.
Scholars take their books seriously, and if the edition in question is a reprint, especially a reprint of a 100 year old book that is most certianly outdated, it should be noted somewhere on the page.
I am severly disappointed.
I doubt anyone at Amazon will come across this review, but I hope if they do that they address this, because it is a serious issue that could be easily remedied.

great quality: The supplies were packed neatly and effficiently Just about all you need as a home first aid back up kit

Not a Real Imaginative Collection But Great Tracks: They seem to have spent all of ten minutes putting this collection together - not to knock the songs - all pretty good to great renditions or originals
, it's just that you might already have most of them
but they do sound pretty good togther in this short CD.BTW,
the missing artist info:
Cadillac Ranch-Rick Trevino (not Springsteen but a pretty cool rocakbilly version).Speed-Montgomery Gentry (fun country rendition).Race is On-George Jones (always good to have George Jones).King of the Road-Roger Miller
(like you'd want any other rendition?)

Great Cooperative Learning Activity: This is one of the favourite games for my students when we have a period of "Fun Friday" doing logic games in my classroom.
Most of the time, there are two to three students sitting around the desk talking each other with different strategies to cover up the tracks.
This game is usually reserved two weeks in advance by my students who want to "call it" to have their chance to play it.
It is also one of the games borrowed every day during lunch period by students who ask to come into my classroom to eat lunch and work on puzzles.

This is not about THE INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION: I purchased this video thinking it was about the Industrial Revolution and it was not.
It should be called the really BAD MUSIC Resolution.

Good book!
: I thought this book would help me understand my sons disorder,but it wasn't very helpful for me!
Might be for someone,but not for me!!

not helpful to us but could be for others: This book was not especially helpful in our case as it caters especially to autism and if you have a child with another special needs diagnosis it will not be very helpful to you.

One of the worst albums ever- easily!
:
My good gracious, this album is simply appalling!
The Sex Pistol's other album, "London Calling" was pretty bad too, but this was simply awful!
If you want REAL punk, check out Green Day's album "American Idiot".
I think Green Day has a thing or two to teach these talentless clowns!

RAW PUNK AT
ITS BEST:
Sex pistols are one of the best punk bands ever.
They practically invented
punk!A MUST HAVE FOR ANY PUNKER!!!Every song on this album is great.
Johnnys voice is amazin!
Yum

sucks, sucked, still sucks: From the first sound of goose-stepping to the last faux fart, Never Mind the Bollocks is a homogenous, shallow, stagnant pond of infantile chord progressions, inane lyrics, and prissy snarling.
If their pimp/haberdasher Malcolm McLaren really believed in the punk ethic he would have picked up a guitar and started playing himself, and if the losers in the band believed in punk they would never have let themselves be managed by the Big Mac.
The Sex Pistols were McLaren's tin-eared interpretation of punk rock's real soundtrack as performed by MC5, Iggy, & the Dolls.
Punk rock can be bitter tonic sometimes, but it's music,
it's invigorating
, it's liberating
and it's not the Sex Pistols or this stupid album.

UGH!!!!!!!!!!
!
:
Oh.
My. Word.
Some people actually think this album is a classic?
It's pure crap!
Not only is it mediocre and boring, but it is also SO annoying that whenever I hear it I run out of the room screaming at the top of my lungs in the utmost agony!
I would have built a huge bonfire, tossed
"Never Mind The Bollocks, here's the Sex Pistols" into it, and danced around it with joy if my mom had let me.
Sadly, she didn't.
What a terrible album.
Two thumbs down.

Poseurs!:
Basically if you think you're punk cuz you listen to this, well you're nothing but a stupid trendy poseur who says all the punk things, listen to all the punk things, and conforms to all the punk things.
These guys were manufactured and told what to sing and what to wear
and I can't stand poseurs like them or all of you that think this is punk.
No!
This isn't punk.
Manufactured poseur cr@p!

A Sucker Born
Every Minute:
P.T. Barnum knew it, and so did Malcolm McLaren.
He made suckers out of a lot of us, including so-called rock critics.
Barnum also said that no one ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American public.
McLaren proved that it's still true.

Anarchy!!!
: What can be said about the punk-rock forefathers that hasn't already been said?
Loud, obnoxious, foul-mouhthed...inspirational, influential, undisputed.
You don't own this album?
Thats perverse!
This one belongs in the collection of every music fan, or your collection is simply incomplete.
Better get it, punk!

We need more of this..
: This is (in my opinion) the best punk album ever released, and by the best punk band (in my opinion) of all time.
Unfortunatly there is less and less of this music going on today, I hope for more influential punk bands to stir up anarchy like the sex pistols did..
because right now we've got whining pop-rock bands, or you can listen to rap music, which dumbs down society.

A Forgotten Gem
: This is a great album, released in 1977 and there are some real winners on this CD.
"
Home" my all time favorite Bonnie Raitt; LOVE that song, have from day one.
"
About To Make Me Leave Home
," "Louise" and "Three Time Loser" are stand-outs in my mind.
I love her version of "Runaway," so gutsy and raunchy.
I do not like EVERY song, so
normally it would get 4 stars but the ones I do like are super standouts, thus the 5 stars!I think this album got lost by her being over-shadowed by Ronstadt who was putting out some great albums at the same time.

Raitt's voice at her best on this uneven album: This underrated album showcases Bonnie Raitt's excellent voice before she trashed it with too much hard living.
It also illustrates her ability to perform truly satisfying blues/rock with a gifted band of musicians.
Listeners who became Raitt fans with the release of "Nick of Time" and later albums, as well as listeners who thought "Nick" and later albums aren't all that great, will be impressed with this disc, which is a much better example of her bluesy rock sensibility than the overproduced albums of the '90s.
The song selection is uneven, but it's worth the price for the title song alone, which showcases Raitt's confident, low-key approach during this period of her career.

Classic:
There's nothing I can say about this that hasn't been said, nothing I can add to the critique of this cd.
One of the best of all time.
Reggae infused with blues.
This is a must have for any Bob Marley fan, any reggae fan, or anyone new to the genre looking for a place to start.
"
No Woman No Cry" is one of the best songs in the history of the world, and every other track on here is exemplary Bob Marley.
Great cd, all the way through.

Great for the Marley fan: My husband loves Bob and had this CD when we were teens but it got stolen out of his car, so I replaced it.
Its one of our favorites.

Not my favorite Prince album but...
: It's worth the price for "The Question of U" which is an unknown Prince song (check out the song sample).
And I am totally in love with The Time's "Love Machine.
"
The Time rocks, and so does Elisa (the girl they are singing with!)

I learned a lot from this album: The movie as well as the album are great lessons in life.
I learned so much and I keep going back to Graffitti Bridge because I can't get enough of the songs. "
Joy In Repetition" tells the story of my own life, "Elephants and Flowers" has fantastic lyrics, "Tick Tick Bang" is funky and typical O(+> work.
I adore this album and I think that you must see the movie be4 purchasing the cd.
Open mind, open heart, changing lives......

Can't stop this feeling I got
: Do yourself a massive favour.
Buy this CD, put it in your CD player and don't remove it until you are singing along.
I own a few Prince CDs, (Hits B Sides, Purple Rain, 1999, SignO'Times, Batman)
Graffiti Bridge is the best one.
This CD just grooves
- it has a funky sound, quirky, sexy lyrics and with the huge depth of talent Mavis Staples and the ,I haven't seen the movie
and I don't plan to -
I think it may ruin the music.
The best song on the album is 'Joy in Repetition', but I could put this on repeat and listen non-stop for several days.

Sometimes less is more: I was grabbed by the premise of the book but quickly found myself irritated with Kelman's writing.
She unnecessarily develops characters who make only passing appearances with graphic detail; her characters are bizarrely extreme and not-so-believable; and she uses excessive turns of phrases and heavy vocabulary as if she were showing off her handle on the English language.
Kelman lacks subtelty where a lot would go a long way.
It took me almost four months to finish this book (reading several others in between), and I wish I would have just let it go, but I kept hoping that this book would redeem itself.
It would take a lot for me to take a chance on another Kelman book.

Disappointed: "After the Fall" did not live up to the write-ups listed on the book.
There was a lot of promise in the story line and the first few pages grabbed your interest of things to come, but the book fell flat.
The author started to develop some of the characters and then just stopped.
The prologue seemed to be written by someone other than the person who wrote the story.
I finished the book on a recent flight and just left it in the seat pocket.
I would not purchase another book by this author and I am even disappointed in the publisher!

Disappointing!
: I checked this book out of the library and after I had finished I checked the book spine.
Lo and behold it was NOT catalogued as a mystery, only fiction.
That'll teach me.
By the end of page 9
I was expecting a real thriller with a completely different plot twist, but it never happened!
The end of "After the Fall" was a total letdown.
It was as if Kelman got tired of writing.
A pity.
It could have been so much better.

I liked it but...: Started off with lots of steam, but somehow lost it.
The ending was disturbing - what happens to Lisa?
Also, what if it wasn't for grandpa's tens of thousands of dollars needed to get him off?
Also - the mental image of the sister sitting on her brother's lap with him kissing her and seeing him with a huge erection sticking out of his underwear - this is passed off as 'normal' by the mom?!
I don't think so - confirms my views of mental health providers - more nuts than the patients, sometimes.

A MOVING, BEAUTIFULLY CRAFTED STORY:
Imagine you are home with what you believe to be your normal, loving family, when suddenly the police arrive to arrest your son, charging him with a heinous crime.
What would you do?
This is the crisis facing Jessie Magill and her family.
It is any parent's worst nighmare.
What follows is a beautifully crafted psychological study of a family's unraveling and their attempts to re-weave the fabric of their existence in the face of almost overwhelming odds.
Kelman has created some unforgetable characters, both likable and despicable.
One of the most memorable is Dr. Chow, a pearls-of-wisdom spouting forensic genius.
I gave this book a 4 star instead of a 5 star rating, because, like others who reviewed it, I was disappointed by the ending.
It wound down too quickly, leaving the reader less than satisfied.
Overall, however, it is well worth reading, and I enjoyed it tremendously.

Anything with Baryshnikov: I consider Barishnikov the greatest male dancer of our time and there is unfortunately very little by him available
so I will get anything with his name on it.
This is from his early days in the US but he is marvellous - graceful and masculine at the same time.
Zizi Jeanmarie is also marvellous, I cannot fathom how old she was but since I saw her in movies in the 50sh she must have moved on a bit.
And the work of Roland Petit, although perhaps slightly dated, is still innovative and breathtaking.

Don't waste your time or money...:
DO NOT BUY THIS!!!
After two uses, this guitar broke.
The whammy bar stopped working, and the colors were not working properly.
This stinks.
Do not waste your time or money on this miniature collossal piece of crap.

THIS is a great Cd to buy!:
That worth the price with the French bonus track
what i wanted and the japanese bonus track let my hair down and the australian bonus track somebody to love and the other version of all good things come to an end with Chris Martin.
You just have to buy the australian single of PROMISCUOUS or the universal single of MANEATER to have the NON-LP song undercover...
After that you'll have all disponible songs (for the moment)of the so colorful and diversified album
Loose from Nelly FurtadoPS check
if after my review they've not released these songs : I Am and Runaway

Very Fun to Read!
: Don't go into this book overanalyzing or looking for nail-biting literature.
Go into it with a lightheart and a desire to escape for an hour or so while you read.
I agree with JCB's review from 9/11/05 - this is pleasant.
Pure and simple.

my thoughts: I thought it would be really cool to be part of a society that wore red hats in public.
Being part of a club where one could identify another club member because they are wearing a certain item of clothes while in public, fascinates me.
But then I started reading the book.
I found the characters non-believable.
The rules of the club, do overs and make overs were just too restrictive.
Life is not about squashing dialogue with your friends because you are too uncomfortable or too polite to say what is on your mind.
The scene about catching Harold in the act truly stretched my imagination.
The amounts of money thrown around boggled my mind.
And the ending?
It reminded me of the last episode of Seventh Heaven.

This is NOT your RED HAT SOCIETY!: This book really has little to do with the Red Hat Society, fortunately.
My group of Red Hatters is quite a bit more mature than this group of 50-somethings stuck in their teen years.
There is a lot of mediocre revenge from shallow, stuck up "socialites.
"
The word(s) Y'ALL is used ad nauseum, sometimes more than once in the same sentence....
a waste of time as far as I was concerned...

The Ultimate:
A phenomenal example of the importance of sound in movies; I absolutely love this version.
There is something about black and white dramas that really floats my boat.
An amazing film, beautifully shot and acted.

TC Ellis Was "Dope":
T.C. Ellis was the Minneapolis new jack swingin', soul-pop teen crooner who got his first huge break when contributing to Prince's Graffiti Bridge in 1990.
His 1991 debut, True Confessions, generated two R&B hits; "Miss Thang," and "Pussycat," while a highly respected team of pro's work behind the mix board and in the studio; Prince (Arranger, Composer, Producer), David Z. (Mixing), Prince's Brownmark (Bass, Mixng), George Clinton (Vocals, Producer), and the very talented William Payne (Vocals, Multi Instruments).
This would be the first and unfortunatley the last album T.C. Ellis would ever make, later contributed vocals to albums with Kneegirl, Tree63, and En Vogue.

nice set: Good set, good price.
Only downside is that the holder isn't great, but it does keep them together.

This conditioner works wonderfully on my dry hair.
...
: This conditioner works wonderfully on my dry hair.
It leaves my hair very silky and soft and untangled.
There are very few conditioners that leave my hair so healthy.
I'd surely recommend this to all my family and friends.

The best sounding Fandango!
: This is the Fandango! to own.
Smooth & steamy sound.
Better than the Rhino expanded CD (which is the best digital) & the older London vinyl I own (which is fine).
This new Kevin Gray 180g cut Warner pressing is easily my go-to.

Excellent CD:
The CD has excellent Sound qulaity.
It has been remastered.
Frankly I was l little concerned because I read other reviews that stated they went overboard with the effects.
It just sounds clean and balanced to me.
Plus you get previousley unreleased versions of Tush and Jailhouse rock.

Another jewel: This album has proved to be very different from what I've heard from Morten before.
It's the first album I get in his mother tongue.
Equally strong and moving, this collection of Norwegian poems about the evangelium is something special.
Not for everybody, since is not just another set of songs.
The influence of classical music in some of the songs is also great.
Highly recommendable!

Very Bad Customer Service: I placed an order on or around 3/3/12(order# 164552).
I ordered Finesse Condition, Moisturizing for Dry, Coarse Hair, I receved Moisturizing for Dry, Damage Hair which is a big difference.
I spoke to the company around 10 times, each time they promise to send to shipping label to return the product.
To date I have not received the shipping label.
This product is a false advertisement, please do not order.

Defective tracks: I had this as a vinyl album and listened to it hundreds of times, so I know the songs well.
I was very shocked to discover that in this CD one of the singers is missing from most of these songs - the one with the lower voice, I think it's Paul.
It's especially noticeable in "Early Morning Rain" because he sings the melody there, and his voice is virtually inaudible.
He's missing from most, if not all of the tracks.
Is this supposed to be the karaoke version?This would be a wonderful CD if somebody hadn't decided to turn the trio into a duet.

Nostalgic, but disappointing: "Best of Peter, Paul and Mary" brought back some of the songs my wife and I remembered from this group, but the CD altogether was disappointing.
Inexplicably, the worst selection is the well known "Puff the Magic Dragon," which evidently was recorded at a live concert.
All you can really hear is the chorus; the verses apparently were sung away from the microphone.
Since that is such a trademark song for this group, this spoiled the rest of it.
It really isn't worth the asking price.

Not as good as the live performance video: The tracks were flat.
I don't know where they pulled them from, but they didn't have anywhere the near the energy that I expected.
I saw the videos of the same songs on a PBS special, so my expectations might have been too high.

Love the older music: Bought this because I saw a documentary on Peter,Paul &Mary.
Love their music and wanted something that would cover most of what I had heard so many years ago.
By no means a complete selection of their music, but a very nice selection of their biggest hits from those years.
Any fan will appreciate.

What would you do if you were faced with a murderer, sober or drugged.
: I think that this young girl was a very brave person, and who are we to judge what she was or who she is going to be.
I followed the incident all the way and the book is a true story and she shows a lot of courage.
She was faced with this murderous man and I believe she was led through the whole ordeal by God.
Our Lord is a passionate and kind God.
He loves us all, so please give her a chance and love her like God does.
Her life hasn't been too good and some of it at her own choosing, but it seems she is about to turn her life around.
Her actions paid off and I'm glad she was offered these book deals, etc.
, everyone else gets them.
We need to pray for her instead of judging her.

Good:
Take care unpacking: It is a nice looking board that was easy to hang and is holding up well under moderate use.
The frame is a little flimsy.
It cracked while we were unpacking the board.
We were able to hide the crack when we mounted it.
Be careful unpacking.

T-shirt review: First of all, this is NOT heavyweight.
It looks like a man's underwear shirt.
It comes out of the dryer like a washed and dried Kleenex.
I will use these for rags.

Amazing Value, Amazing Product
: I will admit it - I was totally skeptical.
100 poly bags for only $8.99 with free shipping.
But, the price was so low, I decided to go ahead.
I am so happy I did.
These bags are quel professional and extremely high quality with a white exterior and a stunning shade of gray inside.
I ship many items for my home business (eBay and Etsy things).
By using these bags, I differentiate my store from competitors that rely on ziploc bags and used market bags.
My products arrive in perfect shape and looking brilliant.
My customers know they are getting quality items (I mean, who buys poly bags for junk?).

rather flimsy: I thought these bags were rathewr flimsy for the purpose they're being sold for--shipping stuff.
I didn't think ther were very well made at all.

They are ok, but if you need more: They were ok, but I tend to buy mine from BagsOnTheNet.com.
They were very helpful and even offered me a custom bag with my company logo.
Can't buy small quanities for the custom
but it's an option.

Outstanding record!
:
It's sad that this album got lost behind ZZ Top's 1983mainstream hit album "Eliminator" because this is thebest overall album they did.
In my opinion, LaGrangeis the best song they ever did.
But this album is deeperas it has other well known tracks like "Beer Drinkers andHell Raisers" aswell as "Jesus Just Left Chicago" to roundout 3 big hits.
However, the rest of this album holds it'sown....
"Waitin' for the Bus" a top notch
ZZ Top song
asthe hermonica is played at
it's best here.
Sheik is alsovery underrated.

not the BoA she used to be: This album is FAR inferior from her first and second.
With every album release, her voice deteriorates just a bit more.
Now she sounds very nasally and stuffed, as if she has a very bad nasal congestion.
This is a real shame since she has some good songs.
I don't know if her voice change is related to nose surgery or what,
but the end result is not pretty.

you can buy it its ok: its ok sure its educational but on my moms b-day we were trying to make a cake it didn't work we fallowed the instructions and everything
but it came out powder
sure it might work for you
but it didn't work for me
but if you think you want to buy it go ahead
give it a try it sure is educational.

Sharing time and fun!
: Oh how long has this been around?
But still a joy for young and old alike.
My granddaughter and I 'play' with this every chance we get.
It reminds me when my children were young and we also shared in making tht 'special' little cake.
I agree with everyone else, this is not a 'do it alone' present for the little ones, but something that has to be shared with an adult.
That's not a bad thing
is
it?I love the look of pride when the little cake is finished and the icing applied.
Of course sharing it can be a problem since it is so small, but even one bite of something made with love is more than enough.
I recommend this if you want to be part of your child's life in an activity, and I'm sure you do.

Big Surprise:
I have always loved Gaither music, but had NO idea Mark Lowryhad such a great voice and singing style.
Always saw him ascomedian, period.
Was I ever surprised.
This CD is one I haveplayed at least a dozen times....
so far!!I would love to order the DVD sometime down the road.
Hisperformance is very enjoyable on the CD and would love towatch him in action!!

cant touch A Night in SF:
Okay the only reason I am going to flunk this CD, its yes this is okay, is firstly, this CD cant touch A Night in SF double CD set, not in quality or sound.
The real simple reason is its priceI
have all of Vans CD's and have had them all for years, so looking for something different, and seeing this one listed for sometime at these prices all I kept thinking was man o man must be some killer show!
its gotta be better or at least equal to the SF show CD, so I pulled the trigger and bought it.
Its clear cut, not even close.
So the reason I am writing this, the one and only bad Van review, is if you have the A Night in SF CD, save your money, if you want a good CD and don't have that one, again save your money and buy that one.
So now you know, spend or not, you have been warned.
IF you really rich and money is no object, well then maybe that's who these other reviewers are in here.poor me
I guess, complaining on getting on getting by on
85k a year.

probably the best live rock album ever!
: Is this a live recording or a religious experience?
This CD will blow your mind.
Van's performance of Listen To The Lion and Cypress Avenue alone make this a must have album.
I never fail to get chills when Van yells "It's Too Late To Stop Now!
" at the end of the show...

Brush With Fate
: This was a very good movie, the only thing is, is that you have to watch it twice to really get an understanding on the sequence of where and to whom the painting was passed down.
Those sequences can be a bit confusing if your not paying attention.
Glenn Close gives a wonderful performance as the spinster Professor with a secret.
The twist at the end of the movie took me by surprise.
A very informative and educational film on one of the works of Vermeer and what could have possible happened to some of the greatest masterpieces we may never see.
I highly recommend this movie to history buffs, art lovers and anyone who likes movies with a bit of a twist at the end.

No difference felt...: been taking this for a month and a half with no positive results as of this posting, supplements are not necessary?

Took book back to shop PRONTO!!
: I purchased this book after trawling through countless books to find a suitable book for Database management systems at college for Business Computing.
(the last book we used was out of date now, and this seems the obvious replacement?)
I found it extreemly confusing and couldn't get to grips with it at all.
My lecturer also went through it with me and didn't see it as user friendly either.
It is possible the old book: "Oracle 7 the complete reference" (the one he usually used for running the course), was skipped by George, and not replaced by this book, as we had thought?

This is not the same band......: The editorial review indicates that this CD is of the "same exceptional quality" of the only studio album produced by Colwell-Winfield.
This couldn't be further from the truth!
In fact, the band had broken up by the time this was recorded.
Colwell, Winfield and Purro seemingly threw together pick-up players for this gig.
None of the magic of their studio album is present here, with lackluster performances... and the recording quality is less than adequate...especially on the " three bonus tracks".I feel silly that I got taken in on this one, but the description looked great.
Talk about cashing in on former glory!!

Great bag...kinda short strap: Great bag with many pockets without being too bulky.
Wish the strap had the ability to be a little longer though.

Do not buy this CD: I should have carefully checked the reviews beforehand.
I don't normally do because I like to form my own opinions
but in this case I would have saved money and would not have been disapointed.
I'm a great fan of ZZ TOP and I wanted to complete my collection by adding their very earlier stuff like ZZTop's first album, Rio Grande Mud and Tejas...what a disappointment!!!
Who's the brilliant person that switched the drums with electronic drums or a drum machine???
Man-o-man what a mistake to have screwed up such classics as these.
What a waste, can I return my purchase?

awesome!!!!!
: dude, this cd is awesome.
its different from all ther cds though.
usely relient k has at least a couple off the wall songs that leave you laughing in confusion, but not this one.
Mmmhmmm has one song thats not serious on this cd and thats maintain consciosness.
which is really awesome.
the rest of the song s are serious but funny at the same time.the only down side to this cd is theres no hidden song
and theres no songs about the 80s.
in the first one there was hello mcfly anatomy
there was lion o which is about a cartoon from the 80s and
in two lefts there was falling in love with the 80s
but mmmhmm doesnt have one.
but besides that cd is awesome.
totally worth every penny.

Sell Out: Relient K's new cd mmHmm sucks.
Sure the music is
o.k.
but the messages are gone.
Those that listened to Relient when they were not the mainstream band and cornered a Christian audience know what i'm talking about.
To me Relient K has sold out.
Since this cd is made for a broader audience they don't proclaim their faith right out anymore.
Also the energy in the older albums is gone replaced with a calmer, less exciting tone.
The music, message, and band has changed... for the worse.
I recommend not buying this cd and getting the older stuff.
Mainly Two Lefts Don't Make a Right, and Tongue in Cheek.

A dissapointment.
:
Relient K was my absolute favorite band untill this CD came out.
I owned everyone of thier EPs and CDs (with the exception of thier very first album which came out in 1998)
This album seemed to have very little to say about God and they changed thier style of music.
Relient K no longer sounds like the power punk band they once were.
Now they just sound like radio rock.
I strongly recomend thier older albums, but this one was a big dissapointment.

AMAZING!
: I was a big fan of Relient K long before this album and
after its release, it gave me more reason to continue loving them.
This album really shows how much they are growing as a band as it has amazing songs with Amazing lyrics.
Buy this album if you are a fan and even if you're not yet, you will be after you hear only one song off this album.-Joseph Condon[...]

Disappointing comeback?
: After listening to RK for years, I was excited to hear a new album had come out.
But, listening to it, I was very disappointed.
A new record label must mean a new sound.
No longer did I hear the goofy songs I adored (such as Pink Tux to the Prom) but all seemed to have a more mellow, dark sound.
The serious songs they used to have were the ballad type, and many were often almost worship songs.
Now it is hard to tell whether or not it's God they're singing to.
It seems their original sound has been lost, and now, being compared to The Starting Line, sound like a mix of every band that is out there.

Great everything: Great sound, great music, great lyrics, great message... even the sad songs make you feel better and the happy ones just make you want to get up and rock out with the band.

Recording Quality Really Poor
: I could have recorded old records and tapes with better quality than these tracks.
I suggest finding the songs you want on other discs.

Kingston Trio:
Kingston Trio Greatest HitsIt was there best songs.
Enjoyed it very much and would recomend it to anyone that has love for the good old days.

I love the Kingston Trio: I love the Kingston Trio, so I love this album.
It has all of their greatest hits and sounds great.

Curious Reader:
A fast read.
However, this book is more akin to a compendium of previously published magazine articles.
Consequently, that makes this oeuvre a $27.95 term paper.
After reading the book Paul Allen is not demystified in any way as the title purports.
I would recommend that you do a net search on Mr. Allen.
You will reach the same level of enlightenment while saving yourself a bundle.
This book should not have been published as it is repetitive and uninformative.

Reads like a 7th grade book report:
I was excited about the topic, as there should be much to say about Paul Allen.
Unfortunately, this book reads like little more than a compendium of other sources with the author's mildly informed barbs along the way.
Ms. Rich seems to love to judge Mr. Allen's successes and failures, but you learn little about the man in the process.
You're better off reading the Forbes or Fortune archives about the man.
Furthermore, the book is poorly structured and redundant, giving you the same information multiple times.
It reminded me of hastly done 7th grade book reports, where you repeated information just to make the minimum length of the report.
Perhaps Ms. Rich was doing the same to reach the 200 page requirement for the book...

Great read!
: I was always interested in Paul Allen but didn't know much know much about him.
This book is a great introduction and a great read, because it's sort of a fantasy -- what would you do if you accidentally made 20 billion bucks?
It's like those lottery ads you see on the subway, "Hey, you never know.
"
Allen bought a basketball team, built a museum partly dedicated to Jimi Hendrix, a huge house, fixed up a Cinerama movie theater, invested in Hollywood.
For a big oaf of a nonentity, Rich (great name!
Wonder if it's real) manages to bring him alive (something he could use help with generally) and make him pretty interesting.
And he's much less annoying than Bill Gates.
I highly recommend it.

NnyCW for Capcom City:
Mega Man Anniversary Collection takes the original 8 Mega Man games, throws in two arcade Mega Man games (one unrealesed in the USA until now) and combine them all to form one hell of a great Mega Man package.
Then Capeven added Navi mode to all eight games (something that was added later in the series, and can be turned off if you want to play them as they originally were) added re-mixed music, and added in a save feature to replace the pass codes from the old games.
The XBOX version included the extras from both the PS2 and the GCN version (PS2 version included a full episode of the Mega Man cartoon and the GCN version icluded an interview with the creator of Mega Man)
Because of the fact that the XBOX version includes the extras from both the others, makes this the best one to get.

I'm Hooked!
: I loved these games on NES, it's so much fun to play them again.
If you want a slight upgrade, the Navi mode allows for a remix of the music and helps you on the way.
For the most part these games remain untouched.
While we had to wait 9 months longer for the release on X-Box, it was worth the wait.
These games are great!
Worth the $20!

Gift Item: I cannot truly rate this product as I have sent it as a gift for my father-in-law.
He has not received it yet, but he is excited and looking forward to trying it out.
It is similar to another magazine he used to get and he is always re-reading the old magazines over and over.
I hope he will enjoy the new stories.

patterns run small: I made the soft wrap jacket that is pictured on the front..
I had to alter the pattern because even though I made the biggest size, it was too small..
Like it didn't fit my 105 lb husband..
It is very easy to knit and looks nice but the size was tiny!
Even the sleeves were 4 in too short and I'm only 5'9
" so I can imagine the problems anyone taller than me had.
Wish I would have known before I started just how much I would have to change with the pattern because I would have just used a different one..
A plus side is that there are a bunch of adorable items to knit for a baby.
I wouldn't touch another maternity pattern out of this book though.

Elegant, beautful designs: Although my baby days are over, I loved this book.
I was a little skeptical when I saw the title (let's face it most maternity clothes are not that great) but the patterns are beautiful and will make any mother to be feel wonderful and elegant.
This book or making any of the patterns would make a perfect gift for the new mom.

Steve Camp was just at my house: Steve Camp came to my door tonight and I was in my robe to return my Rolland stage piano that he borrowed from me for the weekend.
He is really cool and even signed my keyboard.
Wow.

Modern Talking best of 2003
: Ive seen them live
and i have to say this is by far better the best album ive ever heard if u buy this u wont have to see them live
just pop in the cd and enjoy i did

TIMELESS COLLECTION.
A MUST HAVE!
: I am 20 years old (as of 2011) and every time I listen to Modern Talking, images from the past are recalled back in my mind.
Those beautiful time of the early growing up teen ages.
I swear no matter which direction music is trending, Modern Talking is here to stay... in my mind.

A combination of up-beat and mesmerizing music: 'Take Me' introduces powerful themes through its original lyrics and rhythm.
Ria has produced an excellent debut CD.

Great read!:
Reading this book is like having a nice long conversation with a current student about their college.
They give you intimate details that other guides won't tell you
and you know you're getting accurate information because there are both pro and con oriented quotes about every aspect reviewed, and they come direct from anonymous students.
I really found the "Finding a Job or Internship" section helpful because its' good to know that the college has such great resources to help me when I need to find summer/post-college work.

Foster is one of a kind: THis was the first SF book I read all the way through.
I was 12.
I had picked up other SF books before that, like Clarke's "Rama" and "2001"
but they just couldn't entertain me( remember I was 12
, they have sense become main staples) but Prism was just what I was looking for, action, adventer, aliens(really alien) monsters, gore, all the things that any 12 year old boy looks for.

It was a bad idea for them to change the formula!
: I used this product for years and often received compliments on my long, healthy hair.
Now they have a "new" version of this conditioner and my hair is always frizzy and full of static.
Even my husband has noticed that this new product does nothing good for my hair.
I really miss the old version and wish they would bring it back.
Until they do, I'll be looking for another product.
I would love to let the company know my thoughts, but I could not find any place on their website to do such a thing.
Therefore, I am sharing my thoughts with everyone in the hopes that they will get the message.

Rammstein Goes Pop Rock:
Well, It's
official - Rammstein stopped making albums after Mutter.
It's apparent that they've lost their edge and are trying to coast on their reputation.
A comment I saw in a fourm tags it perfectly: "Eventually, all German industrial turns into sing-along.
"
This is that album.
I was severely dissapointed with this latest release.
It's got a few heavy parts, but generally plods along at a painful pace.
It has none of the imagination and variety of the earlier albums.
If you loved Sehnsucht and Mutter, then you won't like this album.
I'm just glad I was able to sample the album before buying, because I'll spend my $$ on something more worthy of listening to.

I think it's great
: In Rosenrot, I love how rammstein dabbled in spanish lyrics with te quero puta, and Stirb nicht vor mir is pure musical beauty and genius.
Oh, and the cover kicks ass.
LONG LIVE RAMMSTEIN!

deserves 4.5 stars really...
: Been a casual Rammstein fan for quite a while
but I was really looking forward to this release after hearing "Benzin".
And it doesn't disappoint.
Has a bit of the Rammstein sound we're all familiar as well as the more "mellower" tunes.
Te Quiero Puta is a rather interesting track that one put a smile on my face.
Great music to do assignments to, among other things :]

Not the best Rammstein album.
: This is definately the weakest of all the Rammstein albums.
It has a couple pretty good songs on it, but I would reccomend waiting for their greatest hits album, which I hear is coming to the U.S. soon, to come out to get them.
If you're a die-hard Rammstein fan like me, this will gather some dust on your shelf.
If your new to Rammstein, go with Reise, Reise or Liebe Ist Fur Alle Da, or any of the other albums
and you'll be a believer too.

Rosenrot:
I love Rammstein, and this album is great.
Plus a song in spanish!
They went out of the box with this.
I have to admit that Till's voice and lyrics aren't as fierce as they used to be, but this is an awesome breakthrough album for the greatest german band in the world.

Rosenrot: Rosenrot being Rammstein's 5th studio album and their 2005 release is mix between Neue Deutsche Hrte and industrial metal.
The album spawned 3 singles, i.e., "Benzin", "Rosenrot" and "Mann gegen Mann".
The album received relatively positive reviews.
Allmusic, Kerrang gave it 3/5 whilst Popmatters gave it 8/10.
The booklet contains all the lyrics but not a list of whom plays what on the album.
4/5.

Crappy battery, terrible customer support:
I bought this crappy system about 6 months ago.
The battery died and would not charge.
Customer service was non-existent.
They sent me to a website that sent me to another website
and I still could not find a replacement battery for this system.
Save your money, do not buy this piece of garbage.
The device is mediocre and will not last.
Spend a little more and buy from a real company.

covers: Great product, covers table and ability to pull tight around chairs to avoid water filling into the top portions.
can strap to bottom of chairs and provide a solid cover to protecting your furniture

Good Quality, but smaller than expected: Cover is made of strong material.
It has a sort of bungy cord on the bottom to hold in place but really isn't strong enough to do the job.
If you have small chairs that fit all the way under the table this cover would be great, however, if you have wicker chairs that go around the table and don't tuck in, the cover no where near fits.
My table is only 36" square
so I thought for sure it would have fit.
All in all, I believe the quality is good.

good quality: Has really held up in bad weather.
covers all my furniture, patio table, 4 chairs plus two extra patio chairs.
No need to buy extra covers.
Love it

Works a great as it looks!:
This cover really looks nice, which mattered as I shall see it all winter season.
It has a drawstring cord at the base, as well as clasps to keep it secured to the furniture, and they work!
We have already experienced some very high winds and everything held.
The quality appears to be very good...
My family has purchased some "cheap" covers for outdoor furniture at their summer home, and it is nowhere near as good looking, and has really fallen apart.
It looks terrible!
If this maintains for a couple seasons, I will be gifting a set to them!

Well made product: Purchased this to protect a square table and 4 chairs, as could not find a cover specifically for a square table, so it doesn't fit quite like it should, but does the job.
Have had several very windy days and cover ties and loops have held well.
We will see what happens over the winter.

Quality product for the price
: I bought the 94" round cover.
The Gardelle material appears to be quite durable.
The "quality" vinyl cover I bought last fall
tore in late January.
At this time, this cover doesn't even show signs of straining at the seams.
This winter has not been particularly rough in PA, but I like what I see (or don't see) so far.
And since the price is comparable to (in some cases even less than) those of vinyl covers, I would highly recommend this product over vinyl.
The only reason I did not give this product 5 stars is because it only has two straps to secure it to the chairs.
Unfortunately, the elastic cord does not seem to keep the cover secure during high winds.
It would be better if this particular size had six straps since it is designed for a six-chair table set.
I spoke to Classic Accessories and was told that they are looking into adding more straps to their covers.

The Great Dictator (2 Disc Special Edition): When Chaplin released the Great Dictator United States had not yet entered the war and this was the first and best attack on Nazi Germany.
The dance with the globe and the manic speeches are all right on the mark.
In fact the fake German is so hillarious that one starts to laugh hysterically every time one listens to it.
However, it is the last 6 minutes that are true magic.
Chaplin steps out of of his charachter, and pleads for the world to cast of dictators
and he even quotes Luke 17 which is brilliant move.
As for acting it is stupendous.
Paulette Godard is astounding and she is beautifull even with this baggy looking clothes.
Chaplin is brilliant in his portrayal of the tramp and Hynkel.
This is the best anti Nazi move ever made.

The Great Dictator is Great boxset
:P:
Well,Go get this Boxset from Amazon before 'tis too late,You won't regret it,this Limited Edition Should be added in your Collection :P

A work of Genius!
: This is a work of the genial Chaplin at his best.
A big pleasure to watch this old movie that has lot of controversial.
Did you know that the same Adolf Hitler watched this movie 3 times and liked a lot even if it was a parody of its regime of doom?A movie for collectors without any doubt.

Historic: I love Charlie Chaplin, although I am still new to his work.
I was told the background of this movie that I had to get it.
It is a talkie that tends to get carried away with scenes... as in they tend to drag on, BUT all of the scenes serve a purpose in the film as apposed of feeling like a filler.
The speech in it is so ground breaking and still means something till this day.

The BEST concert ever seen!
: Looking for a great entertainment?
Well here it is!
AMAZING concert from Madonna!
It is not only for the fans, it's for everyone!
I think that Madonna and the dancers did GREAT job, couldn't be better!
There is not much to say, the only thing is to buy it and watch it,except when you buy it you will watch it so often just like me!
But it's worth it!

there liars: i bought this dvd
i was s excided to get it till i put it in my dvd player
it would not play back of the box said region 2345 but on descriton said region 1 canada & usa only there
liars wont order again lucky the bank gave my money back verry disiponment

Dull, boring and disappointing concert: I consider myself highly appreciative of Madonna -- her singing, dancing, acting, her intelligence and innovation, etc.
But this production featured only occasional memorable performances.
Madonna does not look good in short, blond hair -- but she looks much worse doing performances in men's clothes, chiffon wigs and top hats!
The choreography was not very special.
The rendition of "Like a Virgin" was completely innovative -- and completely throw-away.
As another reviewer stated, much of this video needed the fast-forward button.
I cannot understand why so many people liked this production.
I not only will never watch it a second time, I won't even keep it in my collection.
Yes, "Truth or Dare" is MUCH better!

EXCELLENT BOOK!!!!!!!!!
!
: this book sucked me in and kept me reading feverishly...exciting,mysterious,suspenseful.....
a must read

The dinosaurs ate this ship up: This book was probably Crichton's 2nd best novel.
1st beingJurassic Park.
This book was a great adventure just like JP but mostparts seemed a little far-fetched.
Which is kind of weird because if you walked up to someone and said Dinosaurs have been brought back to life, and then said The NAVY has found a spacecraft from the future, you would most likely believe the space-craft story.
But with science Crichton has made you believe in Dino-rebirth more.
The whole idea of creatures being made just because people have a dark side is a litte stupid.
This book was great but comparing JP to it is like comparing King Kong to a fly.

This is a really good book.
:
This book is from the movie "Sphere" and is written by Michael Crichton.
In my point of view, I recommend that you read the book
THEN watch the movie bcause
I think that the book is better than the movie.
The book comes more to the details than the movie itself.
The book and the movie are not the same.
Some of the parts in the book are different than that of the movie.

The book was better: Although the movie was very good, I believe that, as always, the book was better.

amateur night at the sphere:
Too long.
Childish ending.
The characters, all experts in their field, behaved like amateurs making the story unbelievably frustrating and boringly silly.
What a disappointment Try The Andromeda Strain & The Terminal Man instead.

The Sphere is Here
: There is no doubt about it, this book rocks.
Usually I read books and give up after a chapter or two, but this book kept me interested the whole time.
Every page was exciting and fun.
One of Crichton's best works and it was very exciting too.

I was sorely dissapointed.
: I'm not sure which was worse, the movie or the book, but either way, the book was a huge dissapointment.
He builds us up to some climax, but in the end, it was a very dissapointing resolution.
Almost as if the publishers said "Hey, Mikey, we need that book
NOW, so FINISH IT.
None of the themes were new, but I will say he DID manage to engage me for a while, which perhaps is why I felt so let down at the end.

Flat characters, bad science, weak, unbelievable plot: Sphere is the same as all of Crichton's books.
A group of people go into a novel environment (lost jungle city/dinosaur inhabited island/spaceship under water) get chased by monsters, everything blows up, solving the problem.
The science in Sphere is highly suspect, the characters are flat, the plot is unbelievable.
After years of students telling me how great the book was and not being able to read it, I finally forced myself to get beyond the first couple of chapters.
The story didn't get any better.
I still didn't care about the characters.
The plot was almost page-by-page predictable.
Forget this book.

A good book, but the ending totally sucked:
An adventerous underwater excursion, complete with alien space craftand time travel, does not make up for the ending.
You will surely be dissapointed.

Based on Shakespeare's Tempest?: Actually, I have not read this book, but have seen the movie.
Aside from that fact that the movie was unbelievably bad, as attested to by many of my fellow reviewers (wooden acting, ridiculous dialog, miscasting, etc), I was struck by one thing I haven't seen anyone else comment on.
I'm referring to the similarity in plot to Shakespeares's "The Tempest.
"
The idea that our deepest fears, desires and insecurities can seep from our unconscious, gain life and manifest in the "real" world, where they create startling consequences, is integral to both plots.
In fact, this same plot has been used in other sci-fi films before, most notably in "Forbidden Planet" with Walter Pidgeon, Anne Francis and Leslie Nielsen.
Has anyone else out there noticed this?

Good technical details+ok storyline: This story has excellent technical details.
The psychology tests information was great while the explanations on quantum theory were just brilliant.
The effects of mind-control, how man has little control over his mind is also there.
The plot is ok.
After an interesting start, it peters out along the line.
If you like sci-fi, psychology and techno-thrillers, go ahead and read it.

Worst book ever: This is the worst Crichton book I've ever read.
The characters seem to become hollow in the middle of the plot, which is like a bad chapter of the X-files.

Disappointed in BonJour: I received this as a gift and was thrilled to receive it.
While it made good espresso, after only three uses the main filter (the basket where you fill the filter with coffee grounds) broke.
The stem came apart from the filter basket rendering the espresso maker inoperable.
I called BonJour Products to ask about the possibility of getting a replacement filter.
The very pleasant customer service agent said the filter itself wasn't being made anymore, put me on hold, came back and said she was mistaken it was available, put me on hold again while she checked on the cost and then told me the filter itself was not after all available for sale and that I'd have to buy a whole new espresso maker.
Not at all happy with BonJour Products' management's response, I'll just replace it with a Bialetti instead.
Bialetti has replacement filters available on-line as well as in kitchen stores.

STOP!
Buy a REAL ITALIAN ONE, Not this knockoff!!
: I bought one of these "BonJour" models thinking I was getting the same thing as those I used while studying in Italy.
The quality of these asian knockoffs are nowhere near that of the real thing (aside from the rough manufacture, the steam pressure valve broke on mine after three uses, making it useless.)- Check out the Bialetti models on other Amazon pages.
World Market also carries a real Italian model from another maker.

By another name: This is a great book for anyone wanting to decorate using recycled finds.
However, if you've already purchased books by these authors, save your money.
Salvage Style for your home is the same material for the most part page for page as their book "Recycle" or maybe "Recycle" is hugely identical to "Salvage Style".
A large portion of the pictures and pages are simply republished with a new title.

Not as good as expected: The reviews were great, the plot sounded promising and intriguing but frankly, I found it difficult to read from the first page.
I tried valiantly to stick with it but before long, it became a sleep aid.
It's fairly convoluted, wordy and difficult to follow.

Cool toy for the lion king fan
: THis is all my 4.5 year old daughter talked about getting from Santa.
It is more of a game of skill than a typical luck game.
You basically start with simba as a cub and everyone shares this one game piece.
Take turns moving him around the board and he faces challenges.
the one challenge against the hyenas is very simple - no skill needed.
However the other two challenges are tricky - involves launching rubber bugs to land on certain areas of the board.
The final challenge you have to shoot simba and try to aim at rocks with one disguised as Scar.
This is tough... for me!
Overall it is a different twist on a boardgame but a pain to disassemble to fit back into the box....

Horrible Game, Waste of money:
I got this game for my daughter for Christmas last year and it was a horrible waste of money.
There are so many pieces to the board that it was almost impossible to put together.
When we finally put it together it wouldn't stay together.
We never got it to stay together long enough to play.
After that we never bothered trying again and eventually threw it away.
DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!!

Cheap Knockoff.
Not BonJour:
The item delivered was not Bonjour but an cheaply made knockoff.
The tin lid and plastic covering underneath had already fell apart by the time I opened the box.
Nowhere, on the box, nor the french press itself did it have the name bonjour.
The lid was extremely loose on the carafe.

DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER!
:
The item I received was NOT authentic
*BonJour* merchandise - it appears that the seller is dishonestly passing off generic items as name brand .The
box lacked any reference to the manufacturer, as was the case with the item itself - which is, of course, NOT the item pictured, which shows the brand name 'BonJour' at the bottom - in fact, the only place in which the brand name 'BonJour' appeared was on the sticker placed on the box by the seller.

BonJour Monet 12-Cup French Press: I recieved this as a gift and was so excited about using it.
Unfortunanlty the plunger is a tad too small
so I can't brew the coffee unless i stand there and hold the plunger for the time i want it to brew.
Once I let it go is goes down rather quickly.

Missing a few essentials IMHO: Temp review for the quick read
I did as I just sold the book:
Well written for the most part, easy to follow.
Negatives:
Federal Reserve Act relegated to one sentence.
The nefarious legislation of 1913 affected this country in so many ways, it deserves at least a page.
The CFR (Council on Foreign Relations is not even mentioned)
Inasmuch as the majority of our 'leaders' in this government are members of this secretive society
I assert it also deserves at least, one page.
Why do authors continue to relegate footnotes to some distant part of the book, thereby aggravating readers to no end ?
Holy Alliance ?
This term is used without defining what he means.
Possibly in the next edtion the author might add a bit of discussion about how corporations, foundations, associations and the shadow govt play a part in our 'foreign policy'.all for now

Broken: This item was broken when I got it.
It was too much trouble to package it up and return it.
Amazon has no 800 number to call which I dislike especially when ordering on line.
I would not buy from Amazon again.

Lonely no more: Being a huge Matchbox 20 fan, I own all of their discs.
I just purchased the Back2good disc, and the new Rob Thomas "Lonely No More" disc.
What a mistake!
For $13, the Rob Thomas disc contains 2 versions of the cut "lonely no more": A poor live cut, and the standard issue studio version.
Less than 8 minutes of music for $13.00!What a rip-off.
The Matchbox20 disc back2good
isn`t much better.
Just 3 tracks, less 14 minutes of music, with 2 of the tracks being poor quality MTV things.
What a shame that Matchbox 20 and Rob have allowed this trash to be recorded.
I could go on and on, but neither of these discs are worth the effort.
CAVEAT
EMPTOR!From now on, I`ll be much more careful when I purchase music.

"
Bored on Thursday": This book will be a lovely addition to my compost heap.
I couldn't find any sense in the character's motivations so the whole mess became a simple, predictable voyage through a hamlet that any five-year-old could have dreamt up.
When coming across this one on the shelf, my advice is to keep on browsing.

Neat & Tidy Cozy: Enjoyable story in the Lois Meade Mystery series.
Well written, with believable characters and situations.
Although the 'mystery' was not particularly complicated, it was well presented and neatly resolved.
*
I enjoy Lois and her family, and the interactions.
And I enjoy the charm of being immmersed in the culture of English countryside life.
(although I could use a glossary from time to time)*(I don't much care for light mystery stories where the author thinks it is necessary to throw in implausible twists or blatant red herrings - or continually put the hero/heroine in peril.)This series is not guilty of that.
I look forward to the rest of the week, by Ann Purser.

movie is better: this soundtrack is good but the movie and book are about a thousand times better.
I would recommend buying it used maybe but not in a cd store for like $16.00 but all in all it was OK.

Tantra of Sound Harmonizer: Not as advertised.
I just started yoga/meditation and thought this sounded great
BUT nowhere in the description online
did they say, "that in order to get the "full benefit" as intended with this product you "must" wear ear phones, but of course you can listen without ear phones however, you "will not" get the results intended.
Only after I bought it and got it home and unwrapped
it did it have this information available.
It would have been more honest to give this information upfront/online before you buy the product.
Personally, I would have bought another at the time, but now I do not trust that another would not have the same limitations.
And although I have been wearing headphones and listening every night for more than four weeks, (very uncomfortable when trying to fall asleep) I can't say that I have received any benefits as was advertised.
Very dissappointed and would NOT recommend this CD to anyone.

Good but not his best
: I have several CD's by Goldman and this is my least favorite, all the others I rate 5 stars.
However, it is good for balancing the chakras, not good as background music, too distracting therefore not relaxing (to me)
but everyone's taste differs.

Very helpful: I found Superlearning 2000 to provide a wide array of relaxation techniques and advice on classical music.
At some points, the authors also discuss using affirmations to prod the unconscious to whatever we seek to achieve.
While I found the book to be packed with good advice and well worth the reading, I found two problems: the paperback version is 470+ pages long, and, to paraphrase another reviewer, the authors *really* want to sell you this book and their techniques.
Most of the stories they provide are interesting, but at times I felt as if I was stuck in a very long commericial.
Some trimming would have helped an already good book.

those were the days: THIS IS A VERY GOOD COMPILATION OF MARY
HOPKIN'S HITS,
IT'S
A SHAME
THAT
THERE'S NO AN AMERICAN EDITION OF THIS CD
,SOMETIMES IT'S VERY HARD TO FIND.

Junk: I used this for about 3 months and the lid already broke off.
I'm one person who is not home often, so this had light use.
Should have spent a little more for a better quality can.

Good Music, Bad Packaging: I got this CD for as a Christmas present for my brother and
while I'm sure the music is great (not really my taste, however) the CD comes in a little, thin cardboard-like package--all smooshed into a vacuumed wrap--that doesn't look entirely new and gift-able.
I don't mean to sound persnickety, but for twenty bucks, can't one at least have a jewel case?

The harvest: Love it!
Its fun to read somethings when you've already seen the movie or in this case the episode.
Thanks Richie!

the master vampire will rise before sunnydale.
: this the fist book i read when i turned 12 my parents bought me this
and i was like
yeah
ok
i opened the first page and didn't put it down.
the best bit is when Xander and Buffy are in the pipe i highly recomend this book to people it will grip you from start to finsh.

Good Gear Bag:
This bag is a gift for my husband.
He is impressed with how well it holds his helmet in place, with leftover room.
This is a very roomy bag for boots, helmet, change of clothes, and anything else you may need to clean up after playing hard.

A brilliant album: One of Paul Simon's best.
The movie may have been mediocre, but the soundtrack was a phenom.
The title cut was a smooth groove with a great instrumental background.
"
Late In The Evening" is a joyously happy piece, and I defy anyone to hear it without tapping feet, fingers, and whatever else moves to a great beat.
Ditto "Ace
In
The Hole".There is rock-solid backing by drummer (and occasional vocalist) Richard Tee and a fantastic jazz guitarist, Eric Gale.
The album also has a softer side, with gentle songs like "Nobody",
"That's Why God Made Movies" and "Long, Long Day".
Like the rest of Simon's really fine body of work, it moves from exuberant, happy danceable songs to thought provoking lyrics, and songs wonderfully easy on the ears.
Great and regularly thought provoking songwriting.
Here, combined with some great instrumentals and fine vocal work.
Call him whatever you want, but Paul Simon is no One Trick Pony.

Great Album, But.....
: I chose to put my comment here since this is their first (and arguably best)
album -WHERE'S
THE 'GREATEST HITS' COLLECTION??!!!!!I'd like to see "Pleasure Of Love", "Suboceana",
"Call Of The Wild" and
"Devil Does Your Dog Bite?
" (From the "Married To The Mob" soundtrack) all on one CD!
And while they're at it, they could also tack on those cool live versions of "Genius Of Love" and "Wordy Rappinghood" from the 12" of "Call Of The Wild."It's not fair that Backstreet Boys and Hillary Duff have 'greatest hits' collections, and they have fewer albums than TTC.Sire Records - Are you listening??
You put this together, and you'll get my $15!!

This is a VERY unreliable DVD Recorder (Finalize Error): I purchased it as a solution to recordong my video tapes onto DVD's.
However, out of a bundle pack of DVDs, at least 30% have "FINALIZE ERROR".
I figured out and there are some compatibility problems.
If you are thinking on purchasing this unit, please make sure you have that list, and you know for sure that not every DVD recordable media is compatible with this unit.
As a matter of fact, just a few brands.
Hopefully SONY should release a better unit sometime soon...

Product does not work as advertised.
: The digital i.link connection is not compatible with other Sony devices.
I purchased the VC20 and the DCR-TRV480 in order to make high quality transfers of my old Sony Hi8 analog tapes over to DVDs, just as Sony advertises.
Although both items have the digital i.link feature, they are not compatible with each other.
I have spent two months sending each item back to Sony for testing:
Each works fine by itself, but the TRV480 does not send a digital i.link signal that the VC20 will recognize.
Sony Tech Support had me purchase another i.link cable, and when that didn't work, they finally acknowledged the compatibility issue, but they have no remedy for it.
I found nothing in the Sony literature that warns that these two Sony products will be unable to connect via i.link.
I wasted a lot of time and $100 on the second i.link cable and in shipping for testing, and Sony Techs have walked away from the problem.
Buyer beware!

Memories.....:
Saw these guys in concert a few years ago and they still got it!
They can thump and funk with the best of them!
Their sound is unmistakeable...pure, uncut, unadulterated, are you ready cuz we came to throw down!Get it up (yes, sampled by Salt n Pepa) not the other way around, happens to be one the smoothest pieces of funk groove, I've ever heard or recall jamming to.
It's a laid-back kind of funk..a hard thing to accomplish when you think about it.
The Time..came on the scene right on TIME!These boys kick it!

the time: the time in their prime.this cd has it all.from the playful to the sexually overtonesthat made this band a stand out in the 80's.

The Big Easy in a big and easy historical way
: This book is twice as expensive in New Orleans bookstores.
Photos of historical people and places in the Big Easy.
This was a nice follow up of my visit to New Orleans, but I'd recommend this for a pre-visit read.

5 Stars For The Movie, 1 Star For The Format!:
I love this movie and have been waiting for it to come out on DVD for years!
So I got very excited when I saw this on Amazon, and was going to order it - until I saw it is only being released on DVD-R format!
I'm sorry, but I could make my own bootlegs, thank you very much!
So I wont be buying this - just release an official DVD, damn it!

Bad Zipper:
Zipper broke after ten or so uses.
Material otherwise seems good though I have only had for one summer.
Would recommend purchasing something else.

sanitation of shears: If one purchases two piece kitchen shears it's so you can clean them thoroughly, truely two piece.....
these shears are constructed from several pieces, e.g. grips are separate pieces bonded to blades leaving cracks at juncture for collection of food debris and moisture

very nice: I bought these two years ago and I have been very happy with them.
They still cut like new.

Great product but not taken care of:
I've used No-Ad since I was a little girl.
It's the only sunblock/sunscreen that I can use without breaking out in a rash.
Sadly the stores in my area don't carry it anymore
so I had to buy it online.
The reason I chose to buy this one was because there was not an outrageous shipping fee.
The others charged like 5-6 bucks to ship this 16 oz bottle.
The product itself is fine but the bottle does not look taken care of.
It's dinged and the labels are pealing off so that is why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5.
So over all product is excellent but I wish the seller would make sure his products are being taken better care of.

Sunscreen: I thought this was a product with NO artificial chemicals
and it's loaded with them.
I had purchased No-Ad years ago and it was free of the parabens....but not this bottle.

The best from one of today's best singers.
A real crooner.
: Despite its focusing primarily on Will's first four albums (all of which are currently available on CD) this is a very nice compilation of Will's work.
Will is most definitely one of today's best male R&B singers and a crooner truly worthy of comparisons to such legends as Billy Eckstine, Nat King Cole and Sam Cooke and this CD brings you most of his 1988-93 hits as well as two duets with Jonathan Butler.

Love It!:
I recieved this for Christmas and I use my mainly to make light frothy shakes.
I add a little sweetner and vanilla extract then top with cinnamon.
It makes a delicious low calorie treat.
I am a little confused b the previous review.
My frother does not have a screw or nut to hold it together.
Rather the whole bottom piece screws on, but if it is not placed right -is upside down-then it won't fit back together.
Mine did come with a diagram showing how the pieces fit together if you take it apart.
I would also suggest to anyone should they be missing a screw-to take their parts to Home Depot or Lowe's or a similiar place
and I am sure they could help find the right size replacement part.
I love my little gadget and should mine break would quickly order another!

UNim-PRESS-ed: At first appearance it looks to be fine and even has a rubber plate that the glass fits into, securing it to almost any surface -- limits accidental carafe breakage maybe?
then when I used it, I found things uncomfortable, not very USER-FRIENDLY -- and the frother to not be, well, not nearly as frothy -- very milky -- as compared to the Bodum, which by the way, changed their model style and was never the same.
AS for the handle -- it's a knob on the top and difficult to get ones fingers under and around to secure for the pressing action needed.
The Bodum, had a knob that was oval shaped and this worked better.
The pressing screens are also cumbersome and frequently need to be completely dismantled for total cleaning.
The flange is also a rigid plastic and metal now, while the Bodum's original was a flexible rubber
and I think that helped make the frother, well, better.
I'm yet to find one that compares to the original.

My favorite thing in my kitchen: These pans are pure pleasure to cook on.
Everything is so fast and meat gets so tender.
I love browning meat in them.
My family laughs but most of the meals I cook these days are born in these pots.
Highly recommend.

They Broke and don't work: I bought these because I had heard they wre "The best".
My wife is an experienced cook who has used different types of pressure cookers all her life.
Very soon, within weeks of use, each Pressure cooker had a complete failure.
Of the two units, EACH of the gas pressure release valves on EACH unit broke, and the metallic pieces on the top of the cooker each broke off.
My wife was able to cobble one together.
it is in pieces, but she has made it functional
and she can use one to cook with.
The other remains broken.
What a waste of money.
The high expense of these units seems to have more to do with High European Union wage rates than advances in quality or technology.
I would not buy these again.

AWESOME GAME!!
:
WOW,
WHAT A GREAT GIFT IDEA!
!
NOT
ONLY
A GREAT HOLIDAY OR BIRTHDAY GIFT,
BUT A WONDERFUL
WAY
TO BRIGHTEN UP
A RAINY
DAY AS
WELL!
!
I BOUGHT THIS GAME FOR MY CHILDREN
AND THEY LOVE IT!!
IT'S A GREAT GAME FOR THE ENTIRE FAMILY.
BECAUSE OF
IT'S GREAT VALUE & DURABILITY,
I BOUGHT TWO MORE
(ONE FOR MY MOTHER & ONE FOR MY SISTER).
UNLIKE OTHER CARD GAMES, THIS ONE OFFERS
SO MUCH MORE FUN!!
YOU CAN PLAY OVER & OVER AND NEVER GET BORED!
I SUGGEST "SWITCH 16" FOR YOUR FRIENDS AND FAMILY!LUVCB02, FROM VIRGINIA

They're almost ready.
: This is a good CD.
There is nothiong wrong with it, it is just that the band had some more developing to do.
There are some great songs, and there are some songs that just don't have the polish that you expect from a TJT song.
That said it is a much stronger and less popy sound.
If you found there to be to much pop influence on Emotion is Dead
this is the CD for you.

Not their best... by a long shot.
: What made me a fan of this band originally were the catchy melodies in their songs.
To put it simply: this cd doesn't have that quality.
There are a couple songs that are good, but not enough to warrant buying the entire cd.
I should point out that I became interested in this band after hearing their latest E.P. (which I bought) and then their latest L.P. (which I also bought).
Both of those cds are excellent, but the earlier stuff of theirs that I've heard (this cd and some mp3s) just seem like they come from two different bands.

BEST EVER!
: I hated using a hand-held can opener!
I had to wrestle it onto the can, use super human might to actually turn it, and ended up with jaggedy edges on which I inevitably cut myself.
So I just always used my electric can opener, banishing the hand-held monstrosity to the back of the drawer.
Then (drum roll please) I received theKuhn Rikon Safety Lid Lifter Deluxe
Can Openereight years ago.
This is a dream to use; it clips onto the can with ease, turning the handle on top is easy even for those who don't have a lot of strength in their hands, and
NO MORE RAGGEDY EDGES!
I like my Kuhn Rikon so much that when the electric can opener died, I didn't replace it.
My favorite kitchen gadgets include this can opener and thePedrini Acciaio & Acciaio Stainless Steel Peeler.

Why didn't I know about this before now???
: This is truly an amazing invention!
I have had my lid lifter for 2 months now
and I can't stop talking about it.
This may seem silly, but it has changed my life.
After struggling with the traditional hand held can openers and various (expensive) models, I cannot believe that this product is not more widely marketed!

Can opening precision: The first thing you notice when you hold this can opener is that there is no slop in any of the parts.
It's built to very close tolerances and feels solid and well made.
I found it very easy (once I read the directions) to engage the opener on the side of the can and remove the lid.
It has worked flawlessly so far and hopefully will last for awhile.
One drawback to this type of opener is that it leaves the lip on the lid, so you can't press the lid down into the can to help drain what's inside (like tuna).
Of course, this is intentional for a safety opener, but it's something you should be aware of before choosing this style over a conventional one.
The benefit is that the lid never touches the food, and neither does the opener's blade.
So you really don't need to wash it after every use.

My mistake - not the size I wanted: I use Aqua Velva regularly, but did not really want this size.
I was looking for a smaller size to be used for travel.
The fault is entirely mine.

On Frankl and life: Dr. Viktor Frankl weaves the story of his concentration camp experiences in a masterful look into the soul of man.
The first section of this book is his recounting of his experiences.
The later sections delve into his concepts of logotherapy and psychoanalysis.
While the later sections would have never been a topic of interest to me, provided with the backdrop of his camp experiences, I thought it provided an interesting peek into that area study.
Well worth the read!
Highly recommend for anyone searching for life's purposes and explanations.

AWESOME!!!
: I just got into the Yeah Yeah Yeahs, and loved them right away.
I got Show Your Bones, and absolutley love it!
It's sweet! "
Gold Lion" and "Phenomena" are two of my favorite songs off the album.
Listen to them!Karen O. is crazy, but I love her style, she holds the band together...it wouldn't be the same without her vocals, and high pitched screamin!I would highly recommend listening to this!

Not impressed!: After reading the book myself, I would not send it to my son, who is presently incarcerated.
Why?
He knows enough about crime already, why would I want him to learn more.
The conversion was not so believeable.
Mr. Pridemore, is that how your conversion actually happened?

Good Idea
Poorly Executed
: It was a great idea and it had an encouraging start.
By the 4th episode it becomes very clear that the writer had lost his focus and it quickly declined into dramatics for the sake of dramatics.
A major contribution to the weaknesses here is the unfortunate miscasting of the actress who plays Tom's wife.
I have no idea who she is but her over-the-top emoting simply made her annoying and distracted from any entertainment value the show might offer.
Plenty of unnecessary dialogue, assigned almost exclusively to the lesbian couple and a few loose ends make this a disappointment.
Too bad.
If you must see it, rent it.

Awesome Series!
Must See!:
Spectacular miniseries!
James Nesbitt does an excellent job of playing the roles of both Jekyll and Hyde!!

Only Half the Story:
I bought the DVD to watch "Eye of the Needle" after reading the book by Ken Follet.
The movie is good and suspenseful--worth watching, but doesn't tell half the story.
The movie version focuses on the lustful affair and diminishes the intriguing spy story that it is.
The movie has great themes of patriotism and survival.
It has some gory
scenes."Gorky Park" also has gory scenes.
(None of these movies are for kids.)
I found that "Gorky Park" has very intriging characters.
The movie haunted me for a couple of days whiie
I pondered its themes of freedom and sacrifice.
Have not watched "Company Business" yet.

Buy better American products: This is a German product.
You expect high quality.
You will receive extremely poor quality.
When we opend the box, the screws to fix the motor inside of the body, came apart separately.
Better buy true American products, manufactured here in the US.
Yepp.

Premium product requires premium maintenance: I relied on this pressure cooker to prepare most of my food for years, but around year 5 the handle began to fall off as an internal plastic component wore out.
The handle can be replaced, but like the silicone valve I also needed to replace, it is only available from a couple of small specialty retailers at a high price.
I've had other pots whose handles came loose, but that was decades after they were purchased for less than $10.
Kuhn Rikon's pressure cooker design might outclass its inept competitors, but its construction quality is nothing special.

Not too complex, and definately a lot of fun!
: Let me just start by saying, that the first day my friend got the game, we played it for about six hours...
that's how much fun it is, and how easy to learn!
Battle Cry is a two-player strategy game, that plays similarly to that of Risk.
The scenerios that you can set up are actually those from the Civil War.
Pickette's Charge, and First Bull Run, are just a few of the playable scenarios.
The actuall gameplay is determined by the cards, and this is where the fun comes in.
With the right cards, you'll have the oppurtunity to knock out some serious enemy units, or gain better position for your own.
I like Risk, but this game is way better and makes more sense.
The only complaint I have is that it is only a two-player game.

Not a single song I don't like...
: This is my favorite album in the Celtic genre.
I don't know how many times I've listened to it.
I even used 'When Summer Ends' for my wedding!
The penny whistle gives you goose bumps and Andy Stewart's voice wraps around the bouncy words like raw honey.
Every song has its own life and energy.
And when it's over, you just let the CD start again so as to enjoy another ride.
From rolling jigs to soulful ballads, A Glint of Silver is a true gem of daring tunes and a balancing act between the old tradition and a newer sound.
Some instruments mark it in time a little, but that's about the only critic I have.
If you want to discover the power of celtic music, this is the album for you.
A excellent starting point to move on and discover other SW albums (Wild & Beautiful in particular) and Andy Stewart's own wonderful creations.

Enlightening, engaging, a must read for all students of scripture.
: Thus book was ny introduction to the author and theologian Karl Barth and although he demanded that I read some of that which he had written twice.
Both his insights and the mental stimulation I received caused me to purchase many of his other works.
If anyone is looking for a book of substance look no further, his examination of the WORD and its relationship to the church/individual is excellent.
One quote I now keep before me on an index card is: "Let the word speak for itself.
"
That alone made the purchase of the book worth while.

DVD Review: this dvd is not worth buying needs to be remastered very difficult to see DO NOT BUY its a great movie just the dvd disc itself needs attention

Scarface (the world is yours): Ordered this game a month ago...still haven't received it.
I have played this game before
so I'm rating the play on that fact...

Expected More: After reading the first few pages of the book I realized that I was back in my Graduate class at Utep.
I was expecting something more and different from Dr. Perez.

Come on guys let's not get ahead of ourselves: If you're looking for a history of sexuality, this is not the book for you.
Unlike Madness and Civilization, this work has very few historical details, and those it includes basically just support the theory of the text.
Also, unlike M&C, this book is almost entirely theory, and the theory isn't even very interesting.
You thought Victorian society was repressive?
Well it also showed an unheard of explosion of sexual discourses!
Foucault questions why we have made sex the bearer of a secret truth that must continually be sought, and continually elude us.
This is likely the least sexy book ever written on sexuality; probably owing to Foucault's belief that sexuality is a "historical product.
"

Foucault is awesome: It's a great book, and there was great service!
I received the book on time and it's in good condition.
I love it, and I plan on ordering all the books in the series.

FABULOUS!
: This is the BEST whisk/ whip ever used.
I have the metal handle version of the USA made 10" mini whip.
The construction is flawless.
I have used mine for the past 10 years and it looks brand new despite using it almost daily.
This is a bargain that will last a lifetime.
It is easily used in big bowls, small pots, and whips anything effortlessly.
We mix our scrambled eggs with it daily, and the chocolate pudding never has any lumps.
Gravy is smooth and the handle fits in anyone's hand comfortably.
I tossed my other 3 whisks out which were larger and kept only this whip.
This one just feels comfortable to work with.
You will not be disappointed.
Happy whipping.
Annabananna of Arizona

I liked this book a lot.
I would reccomend it.
:
This book was very good.
It is about a girl who goes and lives with little dragons.
She is a very good music player but she can't play where she lives because she is a girl.
This book is very exciting.
It also is very interesting because she makes friends with the little dragons.
Anne Mcafferey does a very good job of explainig the charactors.
You really feel as though you are there.
You should definetely read this book.

read it: this was a skathic book, although it wasnt too exiting i could never seem to put it down.
so get this book and read the 2 after it also...
Dragonsong is about
this girl named menolly who is forbidden to play music by her parents(who don't seem to care about her at all) .
Menolly, discouraged, leaves half circle hold and rediscovers the legendary fire lizards and impresses them with her music who help to save her world.

Disappointing: I expect more songs, but got many that I have heard before on this short CD.
Buy one of her other excellent CDs' before this one.

Absoulute stupidity on the highest level: This movie is so stupid.
It is about these bratty kids getting lost in a forest.
Not a good tpic for an hour-plus movie.
The voices of the characters were so annoying, I thought I would go deaf.
The characters are stupid little brats who should be discplined more.
Oh, and the babies got out of the forest (very prediciable).
The humor was horribly infantile, I didn't laugh once.
SPARE YOUR SANITY AND DO NOT SEE THIS MINDLESS DRIVEL!

Well it's for
kids right?
: I agree with Roger Eberts Review in which case Old and Young Love the Rugrats,
The old try to hide it
but they still do.
The problem is Rugrats Movie does go directly more for kids, and it would be in my words over shadowed by the greatness of it's sequel.
It represents itself as more of a musical and frankly that was just annoying for me.

One of the greatest movies of all time for familys.
: This is a great family movie.
The songs and storyline are both awesome!!!
This is a well put together film.
I'm speechless!!!!
I really can't wait until it comes out!

hate the rugrats: I Just haaaaaaaate the Rugrats!It's stipud,boring,and gross.
I have no idea why alot of kids like this show and for you pepole over 20 who do I say get a job!Whats so great about it!All they do is site in they're crub, mispronounce words and sentences
,say poopie,drop dippers,play pertend,and other dumb and gross stuff.
There is also prombles between this show and the real world for insteens there is some pepole who watch this show and can't speak perfect english (eventhough I only know one I bet thery's more).Maybe becouse
The Rugrats say stuff like I gots to go potty and another thing is younger kids might copy the gross habbits from this show such as going to the bathroom on trees and eat stuff
they're not soposto to eat like bugs.
If you don't agree with then too bad
but you adment.

Lovely mugs destroyed by poor packaging: I am very disappointed that the mugs I ordered arrived so poorly packed that one was in shattered pieces and one had a long crack.
They will be very pretty if I ever get an undamaged set.
They have a nice feel when you hold the handle.
I hope the company can get their act together to ship the next set properly.

Great product.
: Love that Corelle for everyday use, very durable and stays looking pretty.
We occasionally break pieces and I'm grateful to find replacements on Amazon.
I have tried to use other dinnerware, but believe this is the best product for us and keep coming back to Corelle.
This pattern is not readily available in the stores now that it has been available for sometime.

A Great Follow - Up: Sondre Lerche's latest album is definately a great follow up to Faces Down- his debut release.
Two Way Monologue has a soft melodic pop sound.
Lerche's music is reminescent of the true pop sound of the 60's that isn't heard all that often today.
A variety of people will appreciate his music.
Check out "faces down" and his EP "don't be shallow.
"
Lerche is fabulous live as well, i was lucky enough to catch him at the Fine Line in minneapolis.

Poems about fat grandmas and baby poo
: There are great books about -- and for -- babies and toddlers out there, with appropriate, enriching vocabularies and great humor.
This isn't one of them.
Try books my Mo Willems, Shel Silverstein or Anna Dewdney if you want fun stuff for kids this age...
This thing was given to us as a gift.
Thank God, because man, I wouldn't buy it.

Unimpressed: Pretty flimsy.
Looks good from the images, but I wouldn't buy this again.
I think I'll stick to buying items like these from a physical store
so I really know what I'm gettin.

Best in class: When Cooks Illustrated recommends it, it's nearly always excellent.
This is a fine product but the handle is a bit thin.

Enjoyable: You don't even have to paint...just listen to his soothing voice.
Brings back fond memories of Saturday afternoon watching Bob paint.
I have several of these DVD series and they are all wonderful.

Love These
: Got these in yesterday and I love them.
After eight hours of charging they are ready to go and are really quite nice.
Not the little itsy bitsy things that you find in the store but nice size with a good light.
They were easy to charge and each charge will last 40 hours.
I think these will make a great back up should the power go out and you need at least a little bit of light to see where you're going.
Will be considering buying more items from this company as I have been very impressed with what I have purchased so far from them.

Pass it by - even at this price: I liked the first game (7th Guest) a bit, mainly because the puzzles were so strong that it was fun.
The acting was atrocious.
The sequel is a bit like most movie sequels...not quite as interesting as the previous.
The acting is still bad, the puzzles to some degree are almost identical in nature, and the storyline goes exactly nowhere.
If you haven't played the 7th Guest, then maybe you'll like it, but I think I liked the music more on 7th Guest, so get that if you can.

Nothing but problems!
: I was very disappointed in the technical aspects of this game.
I really enjoyed "The 7th Guest", and I thought that I would enjoy this one as well.
Unfortunately, getting the disk to run was a MAJOR nightmare!
After spending an hour and a half trying to get the game to start (the game required me to change and configure audio drivers, without giving any help doing it!)
, I was finally able to get it to go, but even then the sound was pretty much shot.
Other problems I had with it: 1) it wouldn't remember the sound settings that took forever to change.
When I would try to play the next time, I would have to "uninstall" the game and reinstall - losing any saved games! 2)
The puzzles, when I could access them, were INSANELY hard!
Without the help of a good cheat guide, forget it!All in all, it looked like it had potential
but I would NOT recommend this to ANYONE!
What were the designers thinking?
Give me a game that I can just stick in and play!

A little bit disappointing: I am not a biologist, but an engineer interested in evolution and mathematics.
The mathematics of the book is very easy, the only (very) confusing issue are the indices.
The G-function is introduced a bit ad-hoc, but as a definition, this might not matter much.
It is very clear, that by allowing the strategy to vary, one can get optimal (at least stationary) values.
The strategy dynamics are introduced in a rather confusing way, without much of an explanation.
For the rest, it seems, that 80% of the book are numerical examples, which seem to prove mostly, that with nonlinear differential equations, the behaviour of (e.g.) stationary points can vary quite a bit, if the coefficients in those equations are changed.
Maybe a professional biologist gets a lot out of this book, but for the interested layman it offers little (except upteen numerical examples, see above)

Too focused on history: I thought I was purchasing a book that would help analyze and explore one's dreams.
Instead the author describes how in history and how in the bible God used dreams to communicate with people.

Good product at good price
: I got delivery shortly after order, and found the filter to be exactly as I ordered.
Know Fram to be a good name for filters, so getting a good product at half the local auto store price made me happy.
It fit perfectly.
I ordered two to get to the price level for free shipping, so I have the replacement now for a couple years down the road.

No Instructions - NOT going to work: I too recieved this with no instructions, as an emergrncy can opener.
I can not use it!
There are no instructions posted anywhere on the internet on how to use this can opener.
If you do not have the instructions you can not use this.

Best can operner
I've experienced: I've had this for a few years now, and it is standing strong like brand new, no rust, nicks, bends, and it gets a hard work out in my family.
I have bought more for my sisters that want one too.

Nice for a while, but don't expect it to last long
: I bought one of these about a year ago and the gears have stripped -- all it does is sit and spin at the slightest pressure.
Good while it lasted, and luckily I had an old "conventional" top-cut opener as a backup.
I don't know about your experience, but I don't think I've ever used a can opener to the point where it breaks or wears out.
In 20-some odd years, as far back as I can remember anyway, I've never tossed a can opener because it stopped working (never owned an electric).
This will be the first.

Finally got one!:
It took me a while to figure it out
but once I did I fell in love with this tiny yet worthwhile gadget.
It's been wonderful knowing my kids won't cut themselves on the jagged edge of a lid when throwing out the garbage.
Great idea!
Great product!

Great book
: This book essentially eliminates wasted training in favor of higher intensity, shorter and less frequent workouts.
A shorter high intensity work out is the best way to improve actual performance and doing the "junk miles" or LSD just wastes time and energy.
This allows more time for recovery and focuses your training time on the developing the speed and intensity you will use in racing.
Makes a lot of sense
and I'm integrating it in my training plans with good success.
I liked his statement that a "recovery run" is an oxymoron - go for a bike ride or swim instead.
A very worthwhile book for anyone serious about improving with increased efficiency.

this is the most pathethic thing ever: what were they thinking when they wrote it!!this is truly shocking!

easy as pie: I love this trolling motor, it was easy to install and very easy to operate it.
once you point it in the direction you want to go, it stays there all you have to do is hit the power.
I had a motorguide but didnt like the stiff cable
and it always got in the way to operate or stow it.with the minn kota I dont have that problem

DM50 Metronome:
I use it for disciplined steady state cadence while running; very nice product, wish they would add way to use it with earphone.
Sometimes the beeping bothers fellow runners.
Very nice product otherwise.
Very happy!

Aimed at the exam taker: As a reference book, this little handbook falls short.
As alearning tool it is also lacking, with little detail or helpfuldiagrams.
However, as a study tool, this review should serve the student well if he/
she had a real reference from which to learn.
That is, in fact, what it markets itself to be -- a last minute study review -- so no false advertising here.
Kirk Carver, Patient Advocate,...

So bad, it borders on offensive: I unfortunately watched this whole thing.
And I could not keep myself without wondering: "What the hell is this about"?Is this supposed to be a Richthofen biography?
It does not work (we have one brief scene from little Manfred hunting as a child, then in the next scene he's already in the cockpit of a fighter plane); Is this supposed to be a thrilling dogfight movie?
It does not work.
"
The Blue Max" is much better.
Even the atrociously historically innacurate "Von Richthofen and Brown" is better.
Is this supposed to be historically accurate?
Don't make me laugh.
So Richthofen knew Roy Brown before being shot down?
What the heck!
And don't even start me on talking about the lame romance subplot.
Acting is atrociously bad.
The guy portraying Richthofen seem to be lifted directed from some cheap TV show.

the red baron: did not like iti
found it very inaccuratei brought the dvd thinking it was
about manfred von richtofeninstead it is more of a love storyi
have since purchasedvon richtofen & brownin the hope this is the dvd i was looking forif you really want to learn about the red barontry the book RICHTOFEN by william e burrows

its a ok movie: its a ok movie
but it goes nowhere
the ending sucks not a lot of dogfights
it would be better to rent it will save your money to buy a better movie i liked flyboys a lot better////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

Cheesy story line and obvious compter effects
: This story has NOTHING to do with actual historical facts.
In fact the crummy computer effects have nothing to do with how an aircraft actually flies.
If you want to see real planes being flown by real pilots, buy or rent THE BLUE MAX.
This film caters to the uneducated masses who start every sentence with the word DUDE....

Basically A Jar of Wax--Stick With Yankee Candles: I veered away from my usual Yankee Candle Co. purchase because I had read some good reviews about this candle.
I don't know if I received a defective candle, but when I lit it and waited for the aroma to surround the room, I was sorely disappointed!
There is almost no scent to this candle.
On the plus side, it does burn well, which is why I gave the product two stars instead of one, but what's the point?
When I buy a scented candle, I expect the scent to fill the room after it is lit.
I will definitely stick with Yankee Candles.
I've tried many different scented candles (even some of the Avon-types sold by catalog and representative for WAY too much money, I think they're called Party Lite), and Yankee Candle Co. has the BEST products by far.
From now on, I will stick with what I KNOW is a great product!

not for the high level thinkger: The book is designed for quick and simple inspiration...not for the high level thinkers out there.....

Overall, a good listen!
: I have to admit, I ordered this on the strength of the cover and the title "Sessioni In Italia" sounded just too sexy.
I have other music from C.B and this is just as good.
It's not AMAZING
but I really like it
and it finds much time in my stereo-especially for Sunday morning newspaper and coffee time.
Note, inside the cd you will see that there are several other artists available in this format from Kings Road.
I'd like to order the Miles Davis and maybe also the Herbie Hancock cd's.
(They do a great job on the covers-very art/mod and it also mentions that you can buy signed copies of the covers too along with how to order...)
Enjoy

The lyrics to this song makes you feel like your in church: this song is just simply awesome the words are just as important Vernessa takes you to church and back
It makes me feel like shouting everytime
I hear it like Iam truly blessed ,if you ever feel down in the dumps this is the song to play to lift your spirits.

Everything Was Forever, Until It Was
No More: This book was really eye opening.
I did not know much about the Soviet generation or Soviet Union except for the little taught in high school, but this book showed me how these people lived and interacted in their daily life.
It was really fascinating and just a great read.
I definitely recommend this book.

Out of touch with the 1990's: Though it is true that most selling decisions are emotional.
This book misses the point that many or maybe even most people do not like a salesman digging into their emotional shorts.
Some of these ideas in the book were personally tried by me and the techniques fell flat.
The people of the '90's are better educated and don't want to get hoodwinked by someone playing the obvious emotional games

What a rubbish!!!: I'd like to advise Ms. Steel to stop exploiting the Russian pre- and post-revolutionary theme.
Her Zoya was close to what had really happened in Russia, but this book...
I don't know
, it looks like a cheap fake, even the heroine's name...
There's no such Russian name like Danina (sounds more like a female surname), and Petroskova (it's something close to Bulgarian)...
This whole story reminds me the biography of Anna Pavlova, the greatest Russian ballet dancer, but Danina acts and speaks like she lives on the West of nowadays.
It's a pity 'cause I do enjoy Steel's books a lot, but this one...
Perhaps, she needs to study better the environment she discribes.

Thank goodness I borrowed.....instead of bought this!!!!:
More of an outline than a real story, this very short, fluffy read is a real disappointment.
She offers us nothing new with this....it actually seems as though she whipped this one out in a weekend by just thinking of the basic plot of previous books like Zoya.
Very shallow, even babyish writing here, no depth, and really no interest overall, and certainly no surprises....
why is it that nearly every Steel book has a heroine who is pregnant and has no clue about it?
Her shorter books are her worst...
although, I remain a fan of her storytelling talents......
they just weren't evident in this one!

not worth reading: DS is losing her touch.
I have been and avid reader of DS books but since THE KLONE I have not been motivated to go out and get her books.
She needs to find another career.

Dissapointed: Again, after reading all of Danielle Steels books and 2 in the last month, the Klone and Granny Dan,( I did not like either of them)
I also beleive she is loosing her writing skills.
I am sorry I jumped the gun and bought Granny Dan in hardcover.
I have kept most of her books but these 2 may make it to the garage sale.

Good picture: Very nice flatscreen TV.
It has a great picture and is very easy to install.
I would recomend this TV if you are looking for a 32 inch flatscreen.

worth owning for "Benediction" alone!!!
:
The track ("Benediction") with Linda Ronstadt and Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan is absolutely staggering... the rest is wonderful (Perry Farrel was a pleasent surprise) but this track proves the album's musical centerpiece
AND i'm not nessesarily a hard-core fan of either.
Listen and respond!

The Prayer Cycle is today's food for the soul: This CD gave me comfort in knowing that others too feel compassion toward a struggling humanity.
The lyrics are strong and inspirational, the music powerful, yet graceful, and the voices passionate and honest.
Jonathan Elias is a visionary and The Prayer Cycle is a miracle.

Great Chair, tad pricy, look for special pricing and get it from authorized dealer: I was a Dot Com Exec back in the Late 1990s- early 2000s, so, of course, I had a Herman Miller Aeron Chair.
Back in the 1980s, I had several Kruger Chairs including the executive Krueger Vertebra Chairs.
Over the last 9 years I have tried many other executive chairs including several from Staples and Costco.
These lower priced chair were horrible.
So after reading a huge number of reviews, I selected a Fully Loaded Mirra chair and purchased it on the Internet as an Open Box - the chair was cool, but I got a used chair.
DON'T GET AN Open box from a non-authorized dealer!
Mine had well worn arms, several cracks and did not have enough give.
So, I sent it back and got one from an authorized dealer.
I got a deal - $150 off and free shipping in two days.
Love my new chair.
It breaths.
It has a huge number of seat settings.
And it looks cool.
A bit too high tech from my home office.

Great game for the neopets fanatic
: Game is very cute and tries to incorporate a lot of Neopia.
In all honesty, the actual online game is funner, but this is enjoyable because it can be played with the family.
The biggest problem is that it's a bit complicated to set up and some of the games are a bit awkward to play.

Fairly awful...
: This just isn't a very good CD.
Neither of the bands are bad, and the Useless ID side is listenable, but most of the Ataris songs are way too short (around 30 seconds) or way too crappy (the band admits in the liner notes that these are the tracks they decided to leave off of their last album).
But, in my opinion, the main problem is that these two bands sound almost exactly like a hundred others.
Usually I don't mind The Ataris' generic sound because their music is pretty good, but that's not the case on this disc.
Anyway, despite what some would have you believe, neither band (even on their best day) is half as good as the Swingin' Utters.

Heavy rock kills the subtletiesof
the
Fab 4:
An interesting idea of largely stadium style hard rock 1980s and 1990s covers of the Beatles songs.
The problem is that many just destroy the lighter touch that made the originals such great pop songs in the process, either being live (Cheap Trick and Heart) or just lacking in the energy of the originals despite a heavier sound (Jeff Healey and Thompson Twins).The real gem is the 1967 recording by Harry Nilsson of a song cycle based around
"You can't do that" - evidence of his great singing and why John Lennon rated him so highly as a vocalist - a performance that is at odds with the rest of the offerings on show here.

A full romantic salsa album: I really enjoy every time I hear these songs.
I can't help singing them because they are full romantic and the melody of every song is charmful.
You can dance them, sing them and be happy while listening to these songs!

Boring book: I was hoping for something classic and sensual.
It was so uninteresting and a pain to get through.
It dragged on.
Buy something else!

Poor copy of a classic: This version is riddled with typos and mistakes.
Disappointing and at times confusing.
e.g. "aird" instead of "and", h instead hand, e instead of come.
Guess you get what you pay for with this one!

Great writing, great read
: I can see what all the fuss was about when it was written and even today I find some of the dialogue mildly shocking: in other words I wouldn't normally read such words.
However, the general style is not too superfluous, like say Jane Austen.
Much easier to read.
I found it to be a real page turner.
Love it.
Recommend it.

boring: a contest as to how many words can be used to describe trivia.
very little story encased in a mountain of words

what is that smell?
: This item arrived over 2 weeks ago, and I can tell you that this mattress has an overwhelming smell of chemicals...so strong that one can not even stay in the room that the mattress is in.
It is disgusting.
I am trying to air it out
but i am doubtful that it will work.

Too narrow, too short: The Serta 3-lb Memory Foam Mattress topper, Queen 1 1/2 inch arrived very quickly (I live in New Jersey).
I am disappointed first because it feels like regular foam, not memory foam, and more importantly, because it has been cut too small for the standard queen mattress.
It's both shorter and narrower by about two inches than the standard Queen-size mattress.
Since it is very bulky and hard to repackage back to its shipping size it is very difficult to send back, which makes the sizing defect all the more annoying.

The worst cd ever!!
: This is the worst cd I've ever bought.
I mean it really blows.
The only good songs are rap and rock superstars and its a double disc, so that really sucks.
I thought this would be a good cd, but I was wrong.
It sucked so bad that I sold it to a used cd store.
I lost nine bucks on this cd.
So if you like rap then don't buy this cd, because if you do you'll be disapointed.
If you want a good cd buy Dr. Dre "Chronic 2001",
Snoop Dogg "Tha Last Meal" or Too $hort "You Nasty".

Almost the best...
: This edition of Trivial Pursuit has it's perks, but I still prefer the Millenium Edition over it.
Lots of great new questions make this a great addition to any Trivial Pursuit fanatics collection.
However, if you are just starting your relationship with the family of Trivial Pursuit games I would recommend finding the Millenium edition online, it'll be a little more fulfilling and make you feel smarter as well.
All around not a bad game, quite fun to play in fact.
4 out of 5 stars...

An old classic: If you're unfamilliar with the concept of this game, which I can't really imagine, Trivial pursuit, in all its many incarnations, is a game of trivia, in which you must answer correctly at least one question in each category in order to win.
The categories are: Arts and Entertainment, Sports and leisure, Science and nature, People and places, History, and a wild card category.
The questions are hard, most of them will be things you probably have heard of and forgotten, since they are trivia, yet you'll always find that question which you know, making the game fun and exciting for every player.
For comparison, Most of the questions in this game would be up on the upper levels of the TV show Jeapordy.
If you love random trivia and love even more besting your friends and showing off your knowledge of that random trivia, then this might just be the game that you've been looking for.

Context is everything: I used QuickBooks, happily, for years -- until they stopped supporting tax tables for the Mac, about 1999.
They migrated us to Aatrix TopPay -- a nightmare -- but at the time, the only company making payroll software for the Mac.
I stayed with them, though their UI was ghastly, forms didn't work, customer support poor -- feeling it was better than going to a PC.
Finally this year, my experience with their version 15 was so terrible that I gave up entirely -- bought QuickBooks -- and set it up on my PC.
What ease of use!
What intuitive, easy navigation!
What joy!
It took me very little time to set up my company, calculate payroll, and be on my way.
So -- compared to what I've had to deal with for the past 5 years -- this is magnificent.

absolutely the best.
ras shiloh is the next guru of reggae: ras shiloh is indeed a perfect example of youth in its glory.
they say that the truth will come from the mouths of babes and sucklings, he has come as a youth to teach the lost and searching souls of this generation.
wisdom and love can be felt in his lyrics and in the sound of his music.

Excellent pattern book.:
Published in 1965, this is still one of the best pattern books ever written.
Excellent, all inclusive diagrammed information for fashion design students and others who wish to design beautiful clothing.www.LaurelHoffmann.com

I may have played it once or twice - don't remember.
: It probably looked good when I downloaded it.
But I can't remember anything about it
- Hum a few lines and maybe I will recall.

X12 CUTTER:
WHEN YOUR A SERIOUS CIGAR SMOKER
YOU DON'T WANT TO RUIN A GOOD CIGAR WITH AN INEXPENSIVE CUTTER.
THE XIKAR X12 IS THE SOLUTION.
IT PERFORMS LIKE A SURGICAL IMPLEMENT, FLAWLESS AND PRECISE.
IT
NEVER DISAPPOINTS WITH ITS SNAP LOCK AND PRECISION BLADES
THERE IS NO SUBSTITUTE!
VERY
WELL
MADE
SO
YOU MAY NEVER USE THE CHEAP GUILLOTINE CUTTERS EVER AGAIN.

Content of book - 5 Star, Kindle Edition readability - 1 Star:
First I'd like to note that the content of this book is wonderful.
The conversational style makes it a quick read and the advice and plan for working with a leash-reactive dog is the best around.
The discussions about what to do when "life" happens is great common sense and will give any dog owner more confidence walking a reactive dog.
As for the quality of the Kindle version -- it's terrible.
The font is not crisp, many words are broken, and it's difficult to read.
It's as if they took a hard copy, scanned it on a low-end scanner, and then converted to a file.
This is the 1st time I have run into a Kindle book like this.
It needs a re-do in Kindle format.

Not helpful: Much shorter than i expected, basic information provided.
The entire book could be summed up in a paragraph or two.
Her method teaches you to feed your reactive dog a treat every time you say "watch" and they make eye contact with you.
Eventually use this method when your dog sees another dog.

Good for a child: I wanted a book that would give me an overview of US Presidents.
This was less information than I had hoped for.
I think this would be a good addition to a young persons reference books....maybe get them interested in history.
It doesn't have much data.

would not recomend: I would not recomend this product.
Product is not sturdy.
Followed mounting instructions for mounting on a 4x4.
After mounting mailbox to bracket on 4x4, mailbox moved a lot.
I found it was more sturdy to use 3/4 in plywood under mailbox and screwed to 4x4 without this mounting bracket.

Simply the best!
: If you're looking for a complete field guide on fossils, you can't beat Audubon's.
More than pictures and identification -- there's a ton of history and science too.

Best childens story book ever!
: I love all the Eloise books!
and the Eloise in Paris did not disapoint me
it was great and with all the Eloise book
the story's are great but the drawn pictures are so good and go with the story so well.
I have 3 of the series (Eloise, Eloise in Paris (in french and english) and Eloise Christmas.
I want to read all the books in the series and see where Eloise and her pets and nanny go next!
=)

a warning:
My next door neighbor (not the paranoiac, the other one) got this book cheap and tried to use it in the maintenance of his BEAGLE.
He wound up killing the animal.
They should put a disclaimer on the book:THIS IS ONLY GOOD FOR JACK RUSSELL
TERRIERS.DO
NOT USE FOR BEAGLES.At least
it doesn't bark all night, now.

Pages out of order!: As much as I wanted this book, the pages were out of order.
It was missing pages 9-16 completely with other pages repeating.
It looks like it was put together incorrectly.
When I returned it for a replacement, I got a second one with the same problems!
Agh!

This album is loaded with crap: Go made a pathetic album.
Starting with "New" and culminating in a horrendous remix of "Magic Carpet Ride".
The entire album is loaded with crap.
The only saving grace for this album are the two singles from DJRAP and Natalie Imbruglia.
This CD is only a reasonable buy if you are someone who loves to listen to a lot of trash.

OMG what a waste of time and money!!
: Well first let me say this software came with my Deluo USB GPS as part of the package.
The GPS is great and worth every penny I paid, but the Street Finder software is not worth the CD it was burned on!!
The maps are old and out dated, the user interface was written by someone who obviously really could care less about easy of use, and the trip routing was the worst I have ever had the displeasure of using.
Please save yourself the brain aneurism that this will cause you while trying to configure and use for your next vacation or trip and get Microsoft Streets & Trips 04.
I can't stress enough how utterly horrible Rand McNally Street Finder is.
Amazon has a great price on Microsoft Streets and Trips 04
and there's a $10.00 MIR to boot.

Nice looks in a poor package: I expected more from Rand McNally.
This product had potential but didn't make the grade.
The maps are nicer to look at than MS Streets & Trips or DeLorme Street Atlas but they're out of date.
The interface is quirky and tedious to use.
The search function won't look for ZIP codes and fails to find places that are on the map.
This application doesn't have much going for it.
What a disappointment, I'm sorry I wasted my money.

It tastes horrible: I wanted to use this as a breakfast replacement, but I can't get over the chemical taste of it.
Something that tastes so synthetic can't be good for you, can it?

A Must Have for Every Dieter!
: This is a staple in my pantry!
No-brainer good-for-me breakfast!
Versatile!
Add soy, almond, or cow's milk.
Change up the flavor with mashed banana, and/or coffee.
Never get tired of my Slim-Fast shakes!
I've lost 50 pounds thanks to the Slim-Fast plan.
You can too!

Great Value, Tastes like Chocolate Milk.
:
Slim Fast is a great product, and the mix here is no different.
Buying this is a great value over the stores.
It tasted great, like chocolate milk, not the Protein Flavor
so many have come to expect.
Buy this, and drink happily.

Wanna be: This is a wanna be camera.
First the picture quality was horrid.
Second,it is a battery hog.
It actually did not drain the battery, but after 4-5 pictures w/ flash it thought the batteries were dead.
The battery tester said otherwise.
Another thing is that when the batteries are removed it loses all of is settings (i.e. size, jpeg quality, indoor/outdoor, ...) except for the date.
The flash is a joke, it doesn't freeze the picture at all.
You get a lot of motionblur

rather disappointing:
Having read and immensely enjoyed Paul Auster's The Brooklyn Follies, and considering the almost uniformly positive reviews that The New York Trilogy gets from readers and critics alike, I guess I was bound to be disappointed.
Auster just seems to try too hard here.
The stories are surrealist, which I usually enjoy, but don't make any sense at all.
You get to the end of each one
and you think: "what was that all about?"
(Yes, it is obviously possible that I just "don't get it," but neither might you...)
There are occasional cross-references among the three stories, and even those don't make any sense in the context of each individual narrative.
In my opinion the third entry in the book is almost salvageable, but even that one will likely disappoint the reader given the non-ending sort of ending.
Paul, have you written something better lately?
I know you have it in you.

Piece Of Junk:
This charger is not worth a hoot.
I bought the Black & Decker 3 lawn tool combo.
It came with a triple battery charger.
After that I have bought a battery chain saw and a extended hedge trimmer.
They came with this little rinky-dink battery charger.
I have had one of them for about 2 years and the other for 3 years and they both went out at the same time.
Black & Decker should give away the tools because the ICAD batteries don't last and they make a fortune of the price of the useless batteries.
They should make the batteries NIMH type
so you can charge thm at anytime and not have to wear down the battery.
I get about 15 minutes out a battery charge when using my weed trimmer.
I like the battery operated tools it's just the sorry batteries and battery chargers
I don't like.
I suggest if you buy any battery operated product that you make sure it comes with NIMH batteries not NICAD.
You can read about the difference between batteries on the internet.

Excellent intellectual and spiritual biographies
: These portraits of great formative Jewish religious and intellectual figures are informative and inspiring.
This work is in this sense a great introductory work to Jewish thought in general.

Your Music Instructor, It starts right now...:
Amazing cutting edge German dance music.
I bought this CD not knowing that I danced to one of the songs at a club in Germany.
Hearing it again brought back memories of this amazing club, but most of all I have this amazing music to hear time and time again.
It has an obvious dance beat and also has some serious trance type feel without the usual trance redundancies.
You also better have a good stero system or some haedphones to experience the panoramic effects and the awesome bass.
This would have gotten five stars except it has a Dj Icey remix on it
(Dj repetitive disco beats).
This single is worth its weight in gold in my opinion, a good buy for any techno fan.

Nagant Owner:
This is the only reference book that you would ever need.
It is complete, accurate and has been a great resource for my 1891 model Mosin Nagant.

Thrilling: It is a very well written novel in which a newspaper story is very well described with all the details.
I liked the hero Robert very much, because he is a kind, warm-hearted person.
He doesn't need to show everybody how he is and what he can do.
But his kindness is the actually reason for all this grief and tragedy in this book.
Jenny, a nice girl who believes that her life tragically marred, is also a very good character.
The main subject in this novel is death, which is always mentioned in the course of the story.
Quite a remarkable thing is the fact that the persons always guess what the other characters do or even think.
The owl is the most important symbol in this novel, although it is mentioned very little.
But it is a very important, because in the whole story it plays quite an important part.
I liked this novel by Patricia Highsmith very much.

Awful.
Simply awful.
: Let me just start by saying I have NEVER written a review before, despite the fact that I love books.
Yet this book was so terrible that I simply had to write in.
It is the only book that has ever made me wish I could inflict physical harm upon the author, as a revenge for wasting my time.
I have read bad books before, but this one takes the cake.
From a simply implausible beginning, to a maddeningly more and more frustrating story, up until the confusing and ridiculous ending, I can honestly say that I hate this book.
Please heed my advice: read something else.
Don't get taken in by the "noir" comments.

An Even Better Timekeeper: I have a far better deal for you.
For $200,000.00 I'll personally follow you around and tell you the time whenever you ask.
I'm very accurate and never need winding.
Put me on your yacht, take me skiing, or place me in your villa in the South of Spain.
You'll never even know I'm there.
For an additional $75,000 I also do temperature and humidity.

I'm in H-E-double hockey sticks!: I sold my soul to Mephistopheles (aka SATAN!)
and all I got was this stupid watch.
Talk about getting burned.
Go to hell Cartier!

Do the math---badly!: Don't let ANYONE tell you the inability to understand math is a handicap.
I bought 20 of these watches, and saved enough to buy a house!
Certainly, it's modest house, but it's home.
My friends were amazed that I could afford to buy these watches to begin with.
Well, I wasn't able to afford them, of course, so
after saving $15,000 on each, I returned them, saying they didn't fit.
Without my stunning inability to grasp even the most basic math concepts, I would never have been able to imagine this plan, let alone execute it.
And let me tell you, failing high school algebra I twice was a small price to pay for my beautiful new home!

Roman Numerals?:
This is a nice watch with upside-down Roman numerals.
I was just wondering what language the 4 (IIII?) is?
Didn't I see this same guy selling Rolex's on the street the other day?

DVD Unplayable w/o Special Player:
This DVD is advertised as a Region 1 DVD, (USA & Canada format).
It is not.
Couldn't play it on my DVD player with surround sound.
My computers wanted me to change my DVD player software format to something else (SE Asia, Australia or China), not sure which.
Would have returned the disk but fortunately have a portable player that I use on airplanes, and it plays all formats.

AWESOME CD....
: THE WHOLE CD IS AWESOME
BUT MY FAVORITE IS THE SOLDIER SONG..
THE YOUTH FROM MY CHURCH
PUT A DANCE TOGETHER WITH THE SOLDIER SONG AND IT TOUCHED
MANY
HEARTS...
GLORY TO GOD..
AN AWESOME CD FOR CHRISTIAN.
MY HUSBAND
WHO IS NOT A BELIEVER(YET), LOVES THIS CD...
BUY IT...
DON'T HESITATE..
YOU WON'T REGRET IT...

I highly recommend this product: While struggling with infertility my dr put me on Clomid and had me to buy a ovulation predictor kit.
I bought one of the more expensive test and had a really hard time reading the results.
I then bought the cheaper Answer test and when it would show positive
my dr would have me come in that next morning for Artificial Insemination.
Each time the dr would do a vaginal ultrasound to be sure there were actually folicals there.
The answer test always proved to be accurate.
Infertility treatments didnt work and we took a break from the dr for a while but continued to use the Answer test on our own.
I ended up concieving 4 different times using this test.
All though the first 3 pregnancies ended in miscarriage we were finally blessed with a baby girl after struggling with infertility for 17 years.
I highly recommend this test and should we decide to have another baby (we are 39 years old now)we wont hesitate to rely on this OPK.

This test is quick and simple to use.
...
: This test is quick and simple to use.
It's an excellent product for women who want to get pregnant.
Unlike other products the lines were easy to see and there were no messy cups involved.
The best part is you don't have to use your first go at the bathroom!
You can use the product any time of the day or night.

THIS WAS SOOO COOL!
THIS ROCKS!
:
Coyotes and shapeshifters...whoa!
I loved this book
it was really good!
I read it in one day!
It made me feel I wanted to read on!
The new characters were cool like Rose and it went into detail about the corpse which I love!
The main characters like Buffy, Willow and Xander were so cool in this one and funny at the same time!
I recomend this book to all Buffy fans!
Shame
I can't vote more than five!
If you don't like this you suck!
This book is the best!
I loved the coyotes when they dug the graves up and how Buffy said to the carnie worker she wanted to hurl when she was snooping!
The part when they said coyote moon was back as well was the best.
So get out your house and buy this now!
PS get child of the hunt as well!

Could have been so much more...:
Pity pity, that's what I've to say about this one.
It could have been so good with a subject about werecoyotes ans shapeshifters.
Instead it falls to average.
The author got the characters totally wrong, especially Willow.
It's also full of contradictions and stupid mistakes and there's total lack of suspense.
If you're a Buffy fan, like me, you can still enjoy it.
But for all others, pass on this one.
I really expected more from a guy who has written over a dozen of Star Trek books.

Sure...: buy it!
its nice, u can sing along....and that one review saying that Midtown's suzanne cover changed none from the original..what the hell?
they play it in a different time signature, you cant change much more than that buddy...

Too many ads, not enough articles: The articles that are in Cat Fancy are well written and informative.
Unfortunately there are more ads than articles.
Not worth the price.
Better off getting cat information online for free.

Hypocrites:
I've had a subscription for almost a year now but won't be renewing it.
Each month there are hearth-warming articles about animal welfare organizations, in particular shelters housing abandoned cats.
Yet they also feature a cat breed of the month, as well as a breeder's directory in the back of the magazine.
Really?!?
Don't they understand the correlation between the two - selfish people buying status symbol cats while thousands of cats are killed every year because they aren't a pure breed, or in other words genetically inferior (
gee, where have I heard that term before - WWII Germany perhaps?).If you are true cat lover, not someone who needs a brand-name cat, then skip this magazine.

Late-period Lightnin':
Not your first Lightnin' Hopkins purchase by a long shot, but this works OK as one of his final statements.
Less immediately likeable than consistent, this release finds Lightnin' playing less and letting the rhythm section do much of the work.
This is for people who have a lot of Lightnin' Hopkins music and want to hear a slice of him at the end of his career on an occasion when he was still giving it a reasonable effort.
No tracks stand out, but almost any Lightnin' is good Lightnin.'

Best Pita Chips Ever: Was introduced to these while visiting in Vermont.
Could not find them in local area.
Ordered these favs online and am enjoying the salty taste in lieu of potato chips.
Chips are hard and crunchy and good eaten alone or with tuna salad, hummus etc.
Ordered them in Dec. and expiration date was not until May so that wasn't too bad.
I can consume them before May.

. .
.escape and pursuit
: "Figures in a Landscape", by Barry England, is a great book you won't want to put down.
An appropriate title for England's story about two POWs that escape captivity.
This is the story of their escape over a grueling 11-day period as they are relentlessly pursued, their main nemesis being an astute helicoper pilot that anticipates their every thought and movement.
England creates a vivid landscape in our minds as he describes the tactics and maneuvers of the POWs and their pursuers over a harsh terrain.
Two lone figures' courage and struggle to overcome insurmountable odds.

Another disatisfied customer...
: I made the mistake of purchasing 2 of these since I believed US Robotics to be a quality brand.
Both stopped working after about 7 days, wouldn't work on WinME, WinXP or Win2kPro.
Couldn't find anyone to contact and gave up.

Couldn't get it to work in Windows XP: The first warning of trouble was when Windows XP warned me that the drivers for this modem were not signed.
The next sign of trouble was that when I established a connection, the speed was almost always inferior to what I'd been getting on my old Creative Labs V90 external serial modem.
The final straw was that after any period of use, the drivers would crash Windows XP.Maybe
it's just my USB 2.0 card ...
Or maybe it's just the way my machine is configured.
But for whatever reason, I couldn't get this modem to work without poor performance and crashes.
I have no choice but to return it and either look for another modem or continue using my old one.
For what it's worth, I have had mixed results in the past with other USB powered devices.
I've been bitten several times by devices that draw power through the same cable they send and receive data through.
I will be very reluctant to buy such a device again.

Truly fabulous: Truly fabulous!
It is so nice to see that old Hollywood musicals of 40's and 50's are still alive and well in southern India.
The music is really something to be remembered, too.
Muthu paves the way in regards to romantic-comedy-action-drama-martial-arts musicals.
The "chariot jump" sequence almost made me wet myself in laughter.
Unbelievably hysterical.

Nice price:
The price is great, however I would recommend spending twice the money and buying one of the Lamaze soft toys.
My baby only will play with these when I initiate play, whereas she will entertain herself with the Lamaze toys (e.g. Clutch cube, Pupsqueak, Allie cat, Buzz or Celeste) for a long time, Pupsqueak and Buzz being her favorite ones.
There is just so much more to explore on the Lamaze toys that it does not get boring for baby.
The infantino duo is though durable and washable.

Winterson's most pompous book to date
: Perhaps Jeanette Winterson knew the weaknesses of this book when she gave it the suggestive title.
There is not much redeeming value to this pretentious work.
Winterson, notorious literary snob, seems to have patched this story together out of half-baked plotlines and unfinished anecdotes of empty spiritual bombast.
Read "Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit" instead.

This book is horrible!:
Pretentious...confusing...
annoying.
It should be illegal to write a book that is this bad.
Absolute drivel.
Do something better with your time...like mow the lawn or cut your toenails.

Enticing architecture of language and narrative: Easily one of the best books I've ever read.
Winterson masterfully molds words like rebar to form a breathtakingly powerful constuction of a story.
Winterson wields, rather than uses language.
The reader is envboleped in a world wherre words are tactile with weight, smell and taste.
And, this, is perhaps the best way to describe her writing.
Winterson sculpts, constructs images and scenes from wrods that have bnoth weight and movement--so that the end result is an arousal machine that seduces both mind and body.
The reader walks away covered in phrases, images, and scenes.
And long after the text has washed away, familiar sounds and smell will bring the reader back to Winterson's world.

Great cutting 40 tooth blade: I ordered this blade because I have an on-going project of deck remodeling that just seems to go on and on.
I use mainly pressure treated wood (2x6's).
Pressure treated stuff can be hard on blades.
So far, used on three different occasions, this blade has been GREAT!
It makes a very, very smooth cut....especially considering it's only a 40 tooth general purpose blade.
I use it on my compound mitre saw.
It makes ultra smooth cross-cuts and excellent mitre cuts.
I'm extremely pleased with this baby so far.

Not complete: I just got a new Kindle for Christmas, and this was my first purchase, as I am memorizing the poem.
I am totally disappointed, because there are large sections of the copy missing - whole stanzas.
Very sad first Kindle experience.

So much for name recognition: I purchased this trimmer since I used their sprinkler system and had been happy with it.
It is light weight and cheap
but it has a major flaw.
The two buttons in the handle work off a switch which can burn out rather easily.
A home depot guy told me.
He said the one he bought lasted 3 months.
Mine lasted 3 minutes.
Assembly was ok but the U-Guide was not designed to well as it took a little effort to get it in place.
The handle and trigger setup is good (excluding the switch burnout problem) and make sure you wrap the cord as suggested.
The base for the plug is not tight
so if you don't loop, it will wiggle loose.
The cutting cord setup was easy and the engine is decent well when it worked for the 3 minutes I had it.
Toro made a mistake with this one.
I would avoid it.
The Home Depot man said to look at Black and Decker.
He had been using one for awhile and has been happy with it.

Electric trimmer:
This Toro trimmer works great and it is very light !
it is good for my size and fit like a glove .
Thanks .

Propoganda: Alex Molnar once again writes an anti-establishment and anti-business diatribe.
He uses this book as a platform to prosletyse his personal views rather than looking at the benefits and disadvantages of having businesses involved with education.
A classic example of his selective scholarship applies to educational text books publishers.
These for-profit entities produce the core texts which teachers and students have relied on for over a century in the US.
Almost all major US educational publishers are owned by Fortune 500 companies, who mandate they publish for profit.
This has not created a perfect system for producing school text books, but no one can seriously argue that education would benefit by banning their involvement with schools!Alex Molnar
would have you believe all business involvement with education is evil, however his thesis is undermined by a blinkered and narrow approach.
This is an important issue which needs better analysis!

Great Puzzle
: This is a really durable wood puzzle that is a real space saver being 6 puzzles in 1.
My daughter likes to stack them like blocks too.

Great Puzzle:
My almost [...] year old son has had this puzzle for about a year now
and he absolutely loves it.
It is just challenging enough, but not overwhelming for him.
Each side of the puzzle has a different color border, so that is how my son goes about finding the right pieces for which animal he is trying to put together.
I have brought this on the airplane and it has entertained him for very long stretches of time.
The only thing I don't like about it is that it doesn't have a box or bag to contain the pieces -they are all loose.
I solved this by putting the whole thing in a giant zip-lock.
I am surprised at some of the bad reviews.
This is a great puzzle.

Duplicate Blocks: This product was great!
That was until we tried to put together the pig.
That was when we realized that we have some duplicate pictures on some of the blocks.
That means no matter how hard my daughter tries she can never get the picture to look right.
So buyer beware that you might only have a few animals that your child can put together correctly.
We did compare the blocks to the picture just to confirm the block mistake.
I had my wife double check the blocks just to make sure.
I would have rated it 4 stars except the pictures don't all match up.
I don't know how long the blocks would hold up because the pictures are just stickers.
Thankfully we bought it through amazon and just returned it.

Horrible: This software has the worst way to teach a foreign language I have ever seen.
They do not start you off on the basics, instead they start you on the most complicated verbs.
They also never even tell you how to conjugate verbs in general, they only teach you by using examples.

The item does not work: The lens advertised for Sony A330 but it does not work.
I sent the item back and a replacement item sent but later on found out that it does not work for the camera.
Poor product knowledge from the seller worst customer service.

The Folds of Andre's Brain:
Though I did not finish reading the entire book because just this morning my cat threw up all over it, I would recommend Codrescu's A Craving for Swan.
It's a collection of his writings which once aired on NPR.
He chooses topics--Transylvania, Louisiana, his son, whatever--and then expounds upon them--expository style--in his own, singular, funny, forthright, post-beatnik, Eastern-European/Nawlins vernacular style.
What I like about Codrescu is not so much his writing ability (not intended as a slight, Mr. Andrei) as his longing for a more human existence in an increasingly nonhuman/computerish world.
His storytelling talent as well as his critical eye regarding mass media and things plugged in are top-rate.
To anyone who's ever read Exquisite Corpse or has seen the video of Codrescu's ride across America, this book is certainly worth
it's weight in .
. .
cat vomit?
No.
Gold?
No.
Mardi Gras beads wrapped around a Draculian wooden cross?
Yes.

For Readers
Who Just Wanna' Have Fun:
Adult readers, please shut off your reality and turn on your imagination; please read Roald Dahl's THE WITCHES.
It's written for 7-12 year olds, but I guarantee you'll also have fun with it.
My favorite lines pinched my nostrils together when I read them.
"
I ... ran into The Grand High Witch's bedroom.
There was the same musty smell about the place that I had noticed in the Ballroom [a witches'
meeting].
It was the stench of witches.
It reminded me of the smell inside the men's public lavatory at our local railway-station."Pee-ew!
That's some stench!

Another Classic Roald Dahl: Dahl has done it again in creating a fascinating world of fantasy that almost seems true.
I liked the opening of the book best, when he's describing how to tell if someone's a witch.
The descriptions are vivid and fun.
I especially liked it when he tells you that maybe your teacher could even be a witch.
Not my favorite Roald Dahl (BOY), but a great read, and, as always, much better than the movie.

The Witches: I read book "The Witches" and I really recomened it.
It's one of the best books I have ever read.
I'ts a story about a seven year old boy that gets caught in the meeting of the witches and first person that has ever seen a Grand High Witch with no mask on.
The witches at the meeting smell him out and he gets turned into a mouse.
Since mice or so small, and he's a mice now, he puts the mouse maker into the witche's food and now they get turned into a mice.
But the boy never gets turned back into a human, instead he and his grandma, (his parents got killed,) try to kill the witches around the world.

The Witches by Roald Dahl:
This is a good book but needed more.
The story takes place mostly in a hotel in England.
But starts off with a trip toNorway which is when the boy's family dies and he goes to live with his grand mother.
But she just happens to know a great deal about witches.
The boy's grand mother later becomes ill but gets better and takes a trip to England with the boy to a hotel.
And that's when the adventure starts.
This is a good book
but I think it was too short and at the end they leave you at a huge cliff hanger.
But this book did have a lot adventure that I liked.

THE WITCHES !!!!!!!!!!!!
:
The witchesI would give the witches by Roald Dahl five stars.
This book is about an orphan kid who lives with his grandma in Norway.
They then have to move to England because of his school.
They live in a hotel and his granda tells him story's about witches.
The boy finds out that there are witches in the hotel.
While playing with his mice.
The boy gets him self into trouble by getting too close to the witches.
They smell him out and turned him into a mouse.
I like this book because it had a lot of action and adventure in it.
Also, I liked the way Roald Dahl phrased the story.
I would recommend the this book to kids because it is funny and its has action-packed!

The Witches:
The Witches is a fantasy story by Roald Dahl where this average boy gets turned into a mouse at the annual witch meeting being held at a hotel in England.
After the boy's parents died, he travels from Norway to England with his grandmother.
The boy meets up with a gang of witches that aren't scary, but they do have a big secret and a very special formula to turn children into mice.
The repugnant witches' plan is to buy a candy store to entice children.
Children are not the witches' favorite type of people.
The boy and his grandmother want revenge on these witches.
This involves some drastic measures that include the hotel kitchen, a humongous pot of soup and some formula.
The metamorphosis of the witches will make you want to cheer for the boy and his magnificently brave plan.
I would recommend this book to many other people because it is a great adventure and you won't want to stop reading it.
This is a wonderful book to read.

Best book from Roald Dahl: This book is the best book I have ever read.
Roald has a way of keeping you from putting the book down.
If you start reading you can't stop.

imaginative: I bought this book as a gift for a pre-teen and she loved it.
Although this book is not the writer's (Roald Dahl's) best it should be considered very much.
She found it imaginative and very sweet.

DO NOT READ: I would give this book 1 out of 5 starsRoald Dahl is a twisted author and this book has a lot of twisted elements in it.
The book wasn't the worst Dahl book.
The book would not sit well with younger kids under 7.The main character has NO name witch really annoyed me.
The book also ends on a horrible ending that all the hope for a great ending dies.
In the book the kids parents die when they fall of a cliff.
The kid goes and lives with his grandma.
She tells him witch stories.
Then they go on a vacation and that's when the adventure begins.
I would not recommend this book to a friend unless he or she is sick, twisted, or demented.
Conclusion : DO NOT READ

The greatest book ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
:
The greatest book ever,that I have read
.I
think it's so good because it help kid's build their imatgination.
I also the reader from CA,USA was very wrong.

The Witches:
This fun filled adventurous story is about a boy who lives with his grandmom.
His grandmom loves to tell about witches.
The boy and his grandmom take a vacation.
At the hotel they are staying in, there are many witches, including the Grand High Witch.
The Grand High Witch is the greatest and most powerful witch in the world.
What will the witches have in store for this boy?

Could've been better: The story line sounded good and the 5 star reviews swayed me into buying the book.
It could've been good
but I just couldn't connect with and like the hero and heroine.
Some words within the book wasn't in keeping with the general feel of Scotland of that era, as the heroine asking for a report of what was discussed between the lairds.
All the hero and heroine seemed to be doing was having sex.
The hero could only think with his _
____.
The heroine knew about the risks about being called a witch and yet she didn't do anything to at least temper her activities so that she gets accepted first.
I have read a lot of Connie Mason's books and have enjoyed them immensely.
This book just didn't seem to be up to her usual standard.

pretty good.
: I love the warriors seires but know there difrent
I liked it better when Fierstar was the main cat.
I dont like how Fethertail dies and Stormfur changes to stay with the tribe!
and Graystripe gets taken by people.
I wish that the cats did not have to leave the forest!
Erin plese go back to Fierstar!

Great for over door stoage.
:
Great fit for over door, would like to have same stong hanger but longer to hold more cloths.
The older ones are longer and hold more clothes but made from thinner materal, this one is thick, strong and good and heavey.

Premier ez stamp affixer: This item doesn't work.
It should be no stars.
Now I understand why my local office supply store stopped carrying it...

It could have been better: The only good songs on this CD are Blue Monday, Du Hast, Got The Life, and Freak on a Leash.
The rest of the CD is horrible.
There should have been more Rammstein and Korn.

It rules, no doubt: First of all, rap and rock together rule.
All the Bands in the CD kick @$$.
It doesn't matter how many songs there are from each guy, because every song is great.

I don't own this, but where is the rammstein?
: I see that Rammstein peformed on this tour, but where are the songs by them?
OK, so they have Du Hast, but common, they have like 20 great songs!
Korn and Bizkit suck, let us all understand that who aren't 12 year olds.
Orgy and Rammstein need more tracks on this album!
What is wrong with the people that made this???

it is a good cd except for the crowd singing in faith: it made you feel as though you were right there at the concert
I gave it 4 stars because it annoys me when Fred lets the crowd sing faith
and you can barely hear them
and it is my favorit song.

Beyond the Mego dolls (oops -- I mean action figures) ....:
Chip Kidd, who also wrote a neat "Batman Animated" coffeetable book on the well-loved and critically acclaimed "Batman: The Animated Series" that debuted in 1992, turns here to the hobby (and serious business, for some) of collecting.
He includes his own childhood remembrances of Bat-items, as well as wonderfully quirky photography.
This book, full-color throughout, is not a "guide" to the collectibles, as it does not include price values or manufacturers (it does give the year and dimensions for each piece pictured).
And it's by no means all-inclusive (hey, not even a third of the "Animated Series" merchandise I own was in there!).
Plus, there is an editorial comment on the Andy Warhol Batman piece that's got a bit of an attitude.
But all in all, it's a neat celebration of the Bat-phenomenon -- and the Bat-collector, who in our modern times has become quite well-known, too.

Skyjackers, need i say more!
:
The only bit of information I wish I would have found before purchasing these springs is any kind of statement regarding the load capacity.
I took a gamble on them and so far so good.
I purchased these springs to give my truck a little extra lift when I had my plow package installed.
So far they are working perfectly, although the plowing season is only a month old.
One of the factory springs broke the first year I plowed with them
and I hope they do not fall to the same fate.

Boring: I'm not a film student.
Don't pretend any deep knowledge about film styles.
The film was dull, and had no real plot.
See all the previous reviews for the details.
I guess some folks like this sort of thing, but the average guy on the street will give up pretty quickly on this.
Painfully, painfully boring.
I guess that might be the point.

A TALE OF TWO DIRECTORS:
SO THIS IS DAVID LYNCH'S DIRECTORIAL DEBUT.MY
IMMEDIATE REACTION WAS
NOW
I HAVE
A NEW MOVIETO PUT ON MY LIST OF THE TEN WORST
EVER MADE.IT IS COMPLETELY NONSENSICAL,
VIRTUALLY UNWATCHABLE.IT IS GROSS AND VULGAR,
WITH NO REDEEMING
VALUE.IF
THERE IS A MESSAGE
, IT IS LOST AMONGST THEMOST VILE SCREEN IMAGES
I HAVE EVER SEEN.COMPARE
THIS ABOMINATION TO THE DIRECTORIALDEBUT OF DARREN ARONOFSKY.
HIS FIRST MOVIE, PI,PUTS LYNCH
TO SHAME.IT
IS INVENTIVE, MEMORABLE, WITH IMAGES AND MESSAGES,
THAT SPEAK OF THE INHERENT TALENT OF THE DIRECTORAND PORTENDS THE GOOD THINGS TO COME.CAN
YOU THEN COMPARE THE TWO
DIRECTORS?YES.
ONE IS NOW RECOGNIZED AS
A MAJOR NEW TALENTWHO
MUST BE RECKONED WITH IN THE
FUTURE.THE OTHER IS A DIRECTOR WHOSE TRUE COLORS WEREREADILY
APPARENT
IN HIS FIRST MOVIE.(NO PUN INTENDED)DR SCOTT

Wonderfully bizarre!
: One could describe the setting as grim - urban decay at its worst with a strongly interwoven theme of sterile sexuality.
The droning soundtrack adds to the mood of claustrophobia.
A spineless protagonist sporting an astonisghing hairstyle finds himself trapped in a world without logic, a land of dreams where anything can happen.
Cooked chickens rhythmically spurt out blood at the dinner table, the Lady in the Radiator systematically squashes blobs of semen (life/) in her dance routine and an E.T. lookalike, mutant baby explodes on screen.
Don't look for a conventional narrative.
Rather the film represents an exploration of post-modernistic themes.
Don't walk in with expectations.
You'll find sexism, comedy, contradictions - anything is possible.
This is not a simple film.
Full marks to Eraserhead for its unconventional perspective.

simply the best: Eraserhead is perhaps the most unique, macarbre, intriguing, sadistic and brilliant films ever made.
Essentially one long dark look into a twisted post apocalyptic world its simply an unforgettable film expierence.
From the dark planets to the falling heads it a true classic film and a must own for any self respecting Lynch or film fan.
BRILLIANT!!

Funniest, Saddest, Most Disgusting & Depressing Film Ever!:
This is David Lynch's film school final project, and is legendary for its humor, bleakness and impressive special effects for The Baby.
Stop looking here if you want to buy it & go to Lynch's website - that's the only place where it's available, and it's not Amazon cheap, either.
It takes a very special type of personality to enjoy this movie - if you didn't like Blue Velvet for its weirdness, stay FAR away from this one!

Eraserhead: I saw this film while in college.
Some group sponsored it and charged $1 admission.
How could you go wrong for a buck?
When the lights came back on I not only wanted my dollar back, I wanted the two hours of my life back.
What a pretentious, self-indulgent pile of crap!As we filed out of the lecture hall I overheard someone say that it was "brilliant".
I don't think this guy knew what the hell he just sat through and, figuring if he didn't understand it, it must be genius.
I wanted to punch him in the face.

Cleo's Early Jewels: This material used to be available only on import LPs (so you know it's rrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeaaaally old).
These performances don't have the freestyle nonchalance of her RCA era recordings in the 1970s, or the quiet grandeur of the late Ellington, Loesser and Sondheim collections, but they're not tentative, or static, or even stale after a half century (and the rendition of "Too Late Now" is still my favorite recorded version of that splendid but undersung ballad).If
you ever liked this great lady's singing, I think you'll be happy to get this disc.
I'm very grateful that it's been so cleanly transferred.

Very Good!:
This was a hard one to put down.
Gunn was so easy to hate!
Although a little farfetched, I think this book appeals to the "get even" side of all of us!
It moved along very quickly and was a fun read.
A good one for a long summer afternoon.

Terrible: Typical story.
Evil suburban man Good suburban woman.
Every cliche of horror was used in this book.
This book is not worth reading.

Too Basic: The book is too basic and it is more focused towards buying any kind of business.
I was expecting more.

Still Stripping After 25 years by Eleanor Burns: Great Book!
Full of easy to follow patterns and beautiful quilts.
I will be using this book for many years to come.

Easy Quilting Directions
: This book has very easy directions and several very nice patterns.
Eleanor Burns explains her directions for each project clearly and they're easy to follow.
Definitely recommend this book for quilters.

Metafile drawer inserts:
Loved this system!
I needed to add hanging files to a wide drawer and was afraid that a free standing unit would never stay in place.
This system was easy to install, will never move out of place and looks very neat and professional.

insanely heavy: This is, without a shadow of a doubt, a suspense novel of the highest extreme.
It's so suspenseful that you won't be able to put it down.
I don't know how much of it is realistic and what's not-
all I know is that I was totally attached to this book for several weeks and unable to put it down.
A MUST read.

A FACT AND FICTION FILLED BOOK:
THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST BOOKS
I HAVE READ.
ALTHOUGH
I'VE READ HIS "ICON
" I LIKE FIST OF GOD MUCH BETTER
BECAUSE
THIS IS ONE TYPE OF BOOK
WHICH HAS BEEN VIEWED BY THE AUTHOR FROM ALL ANGLES.

Wonderful, music
BUT WHERE IS "OPEN ROAD" ??????
: Please, please, powers that be, re-release, ok Ill say it, thebest album ever made, "OPEN ROAD".Even better than theCure's Pornography.
Have the tapes been lost?
Donovan, if you read this PLEASE get "OPEN ROAD" back out.
WE NEED IT!

So much more than this: This compilation is a good overview of Donovan's well known songs.
This is merely a starting point.
I checked on Amazon and there is a wealth of beautiful music from this gifted musician.
Summer Day Reflection Songs is a must buy and so is A Gift From A Flower to a Garden.
This is all very mellow enlightening inspiring spiritual music and well worth buying and making it part of your life.
I love singer/songwriters and Donovan is certainly one of the best.
Start with this CD
and you'll want to collect everything he has released!
Amazing music.....enjoy this forever!

Be prepared to part with a lot of money!: Don't run your business with this software if you are careful with your money - as most small businesspeople are.
Every few years you have to upgrade in order to maintain the ridiculously expensive payroll tax update.
I wish I had never upgraded from the early 1990's version.
You used to be able to manually enter the federal and state withholding infomation in the earlier versions, which makes sense for a very small business like ours.
But you can't do that anymore.
In order to even OPEN the payroll window, you MUST subscribe to the payroll update service!
I seem to recall that it's almost $200 per year now, and increases annually!It is now May, 2005, and I just received a notice that Intuit will no longer be providing tax tables for the 2003 version.
I dread opening mail from Quickbooks, because notices like this are not uncommon.
I am looking for a different software program for 2006.

Not Bad,
But these are other alternatives: QuickBooks is not bad if you think that your business will not grow!
The application will get slower if your business grow or the size of your file increased.
Other reviewers are correct about other things they have mentioned it, and so I will not write it about them.
I would personally recommend Small Business Manager (SBM) from Microsoft http://www.microosft.com or another alternative and less expensive is Quick Business Manager (QBM) from Business Aim http://www.bisaim.com.
There are other accounting applications I could recommend
but it seems that these two are really using great technologies such as Microsoft .Net and SQL Server.
Both of these applications can be downloaded for trial uses.
Good Luck.

What you get when there's no competition
: Nutshell:
Intuit and a company called Best Software are the only two firms producing small-business accounting software.
Because of this, they've split the market between them and are now engaging in monopolistic gouging.
Each year, the price goes up.
Each year, the service goes down.
This will persist until an alternative appears.
If you are considering making small-business accounting software, do it!
You'll find lots of customers ready to switch.
But back to Quickbooks: you have to upgrade every other year at a minimum - Intuit
turns your software
*off*.
You have to buy a service contract to make it function - the list price above is NOT what you'll end up paying.
So if you buy this, understand that you're entering an endless upgrade cycle with no way to escape, and a company that can turn off your software, remotely, at any time, with no refunds.
Enjoy!

A wonderful peek into Vicky Austin!
: I thought that this was one of L'Engle's best, right up there with A Ring of Endless Light and A Wrinkle
In Time.
Vicky Austin has always been a thought provoking charecter to me, her vunerability is, I think, more than possible in our current world, but overall, she is a good role-model, and The Moon By Night is a wonderful example of her.

boring: NOTHING NEW HERE.I like reading the ridiculous reviews of these cds where people gush all over the screens over how much they love Patton.
This cd is dull.
Suffering from Patton overexposure.
Maybe he should actually spend some time and make an awesome album (Like Secret Chiefs 3 - Book of Horizons) rather than dozens of merely adequate ones.

classic ethnography
: This is a classic ethnography of the Shuar, the one that established the standard for all subsequent descriptions of the Shuar.
I have done extensive field work with a Shuar related group and was impressed on how accurate Harner's account was, even though the group I worked with was separate in both time and space from the untsuri shuar.
This is a must read for anyone interested in the ethnography of lowland South America.

Read "Jivaro"?
Jiva-NO!:
Michael Harner's "Jivaro" documents a society marked by excessive use of hallucinogenic stimulants.
I read this book to fulfill a class assignment.
It's going to take a whole lot of acid to get me to read it again.

The Endless Summer: I received the DVD in record time...
my surfing son was thrilled with the movie and I with the reminder.

A very disappointed lover of documentaries: I feel obligated to warn you-as I wish I was warned-this is a documentary/travel log that does not age well.
From its hype, I was expecting a story of two young men on a literal and figurative journey for one year around the world, a la "the motorcycle diary.
"
What you get instead is a series of grainy shots of these guys surfing different locations with a really bad "ugly American" voice over telling you where they are and how silly the natives are.
There is absolutely nothing of substance here.
It is nothing more than bad, trite, and boring early 1960s film footage.
In short, don't waste your money or time.

fun documentary: light and fun to watch.
if you love the beach you will certainly enjoy this movie.
it made me want to learn to surf.

Size of waves doesn't matter!
:
Have watched 3 surf movies in the past week, and this is the best--by far.
Forget "Step into liquid.
"
Forget "Billabong Odyssey" (which is better than Step into Liquid).
Endless summer has the cinematography and the humour that puts it over the top.
Amazing that it's the best too, considering that the other movies featured bigger wave surfing.
Just goes to show size of waves doesn't matter!

great everyday lens: I'm a novice camera user, I have the canon XTI.
This lens works better than the lens that came with the camera.
Great everyday lens.
I used the lens at zion national park in Utah, the pictures were fantastic.

Save Your $$$ 4 Something Better.
: Save your $$$ 4 a better CD.
This CD is pathetic, there are big names on this CD (for example: Snoop Dogg, DMX, Mo Thugs, Eve, Layzie Bone, Daz Dillinger, etc.), but the songs on the CD are trash.
This CD sounds like the left-over tracks that are always laying around that were not put on their own albums cuz they sound like s***.
Save your $$$ 4 something better.

Very nice finger puppets: I was impressed with the quality and details of the puppets.
They looks much better than most that I had seen.
Our son loves them and we'll get a lot of use out of them.
Us entertaining him now ... and him entertaining us in a year or two!

Could have been better: Having known Teshome wolde for quite sometime, I must say that I was deceived by the content of this Album.
It has nothing creative in it.
He has either replayed some of his old songs or those of other people.
I would have expected something more original from an Artist like him, who has been on the Ethiopian Music scene for such a long time.

good for small bathrooms with no towel racks: This product is exactly what you expect - an over the door towel rack.
I don't have any towel racks in my home, and I have been looking everywhere for something like this!
The finish is great, and it's sturdy.
It came assembled, so I didn't have to worry about putting it together.

Great if you put towel racks on your exterior doors!
: I can't figure out for the life of me why they would make this item with such large top part that fits exterior doors.
I couldn't use this in my bathroom because I have standard doors (1 3/8"), which means that these were too big in width at the top and kept wobbling and being very noisy, not to mention scraping the door at the bottom since the side rods weren't vertical, but at an angle towards the door.
I even tried putting something to stabilize these (like bubble wrap at the top between the door and the side rails, but that didn't help at all.
If they made a version of this with 1 3/8" doors, I would buy it in an instant and probably be very happy with it.
But as it stands, this is useless because I don't need towels hanging on the inside of my front door.

great towel rack: great price
and it is vey strong and looks great to good four small bathrooms very well belt with a very nice chrome finish

Failure: We struggled to assemble this rack, but its dimensions seemed faulty--one of the vertical rods was askew.
Before we could even hang the rack, the curved end of one of the bottom rod-holders (where the porcelain knobs go) snapped off.

Better off paying a little more at staples: Item is cheap and will not hold up, description said it comes with arms
but DID NOT, Lesson learned I guess

drafting chair: This chair pitches the user too far forward.
When you sit in it you feel like you're going to slide off the front.

Broke after 1 month of occasional use.
:
Save your money.
1 month and a week after receiving the item, it broke inside my printer.
I only had been using it occasionally during that time.
Luckily, Amazon was nice enough to make an exception to their normal 30-day return limit and allowed me to return it.
Seems you get what you pay for...

6-inch radial saw blade: I recently purchased a used Porter Cable saw and the blade was damaged.
I looked for replacement blades at several retail stores in the area and they did not stock 6" blades for the saw.
Amazon had the blades at a reasonable cost.
The blade arrived in the mail shortly after the order was placed in perfect condition.
The blade is made by a reputable company and fit the saw perfectly.
I have use the saw with the new blade with good results.

Fee Fi, Fo Fum
...love "Devil's Gun":
This is one of the few places, maybe the only one, where you can get C.J. & Co.'s awesome "Devil's Gun" on CD.
Although by definition this group qualifies as a one-hit wonder ("We Got Our Own Thing" made the lower reaches of the Hot 100 as a follow-up), most of the songs on this compilation are of very high quality.
Fans of "Gun" will enjoy the rest of the disc.
The liner notes are also very good.
On the down side, I really would have liked the 7" versions of the two singles as well.
And the cover art on this is godawful; at first I thought it was a cheapie release.
Don't let it turn you off; this is a very consistent(ly good) disco disc.

Simply Forgettable: Boring, boring, boring, boring, boring.
That's it.
I can't remember anything about this book aside from finding it a waste of money and time.

POLTERGEIST 2/3
TOGETHER
: POLTERGEIST 2 SHUT OFF WITHOUT FINISHING
THE MOVIE HAVENT WATCHED 3
YET
BUT AM DISSATISFIED WITH THE SECOND MOVIE
NOT FINISHING THE SHOW.

Disappointed: I can only recommend this book to people who are very into butch/femme roles or genderf**king in general.
I appreciate that the editor is trying to appeal to a wide audience, but in doing so, she loses her mainstream readers.
I'm not conservative about sex, but I also have no desire to read a story about a woman who prostitutes her girlfriend out to a male biker or a butch who has borderline nonconsensual sex with a hooker.
If that's your thing, then you'll love this book.

Not enough hits: It was an ok cd.
I expected to hear more hits on this 70's cd - but there are a few really good songs on it.

entertianing for my 7 year old: I came across this book on the library shelves and thought my son would like the book...and I was right.
Enough humor and action to keep a 7 year-old up until 10:00 one night as we read.
I thought Owen's vocabulary and thought process was a bit advanced, but who cares...
just enjoy the time with Owen, I'm sure he'll make you laugh and smile.
Don't forget the two previous Owen Foote titles...

